{\rtf1\ansi{\fonttbl
\f0\froman Times New Roman;
\f1\fswiss Arial;
\f2\fnil System;
\f3\fnil Helv;
\f4\fnil Symbol;
\f5\fmodern Courier New;}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green128\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255}
\deff0 \fs24\tx360
#{\footnote Topic1}
${\footnote LoKon-Contents}
K{\footnote Contents}
+{\footnote lokon:000}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 \qc \{bml LOKON.BMP \} Contents\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
\ql \li360\sa200\tx1000\tab{\uldb Requirements}{\v Topic3}\par
\tab{\uldb Performance Overview}{\v Topic4}\par
{\uldb \{bmc LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic42}\tab{\uldb How to start LoKon ?}{\v Topic42}\par
\tab {\uldb Use}{\v Topic5}\par
\tab{\uldb How to ... ?}{\v Topic43}\par
{\uldb \{bmc LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\tab{\uldb Circuit}{\v Topic6}\par
\tab{\uldb Address}{\v Topic53}\par
\par\pard\tx360\cf12 {\tx500}\fi-500\li500Tip:\cf0 {\tab}You can click into graphics. There's additional information\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin110}
Show the whole graphic resp. whole circuit in the window.\par
This menu command obviously contains the corresponding name.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin111}
Shows the circuit/graphic with 90 Percent of the current size.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin112}
Shows the circuit/graphic with 75 Percent of the current size.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin113}
Shows the circuit/graphic with 50 Percent of the current size.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin109}
\b Clipping\b0 .\par
\{bmc ZOOMBOX.BMP \} Move the mouse pointer to one edge of the clipping part, press the left mouse button and draw a rectangle that contains the clipping area. When you release the mouse button, the clipping area fills the whole window.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin107}
\b View\b0 \par
With these menu commands you adjust the magnify and the layout of a circuit or graphic.\par
This menu only appears in a circuit or graphic.\par
\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin77}
Paste the contents of the clipboard on the work window.\par
This menu command is only available, if the contents of the clipboard can be pasted on the work window.\par
The following formats are accepted:\par
\li360- Circuit\par
- Element file\par
- Graphic (LoKon format)\par
- Graphic (bitmap)\par
- Text (without format)\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin74}
With the commands of the \b Edit\b0  menu, you can work with the clipboard.\par
You can cut, copy or paste parts of a graphic, circuit or element file.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin36}
A dialog box appears, where you can change the values for the \b Positioning\b0 .\par
The change of this option immediately becomes effective for all circuits and input/output graphics.\par
You can only move to positions that are dividable by the positioning value.\par
Example: If the position value is 10, you can only move to positions that are dividable by 10 (the positions of the small grid points).\par
The value is asked for in a number dialog.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin35}
\b View\b0 \par
With these menu commands you adjust the standard magnify for new layouts or a circuits or graphics.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin22}
The \b position display\b0  shows the coordinates of the mouse pointer in a circuit or graphic.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin8}
\b Print\b0   the current work window.\par
The visible area of a graphic or circuit is printed. This area is expanded to fill the whole page.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin20}
The following work windows appear in the \b client area\b0  of the main window:\par
{\uldb Circuit}{\v Topic6}.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin13}
**\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin64}
An example text with the style of the adjusted font.\par
The size is not obligatory, because the zooming of the graphic or circuit is not considered.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic4}
${\footnote Performance Overview__}
K{\footnote Overview;Performance Overview}
+{\footnote lokon:004}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Performance Overview\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \li720\fi-360\'95 Build complex digital circuits, only restricted by the computer's memory.\par
\'95 The coordinate space expands: [-30000;+30000].\par
\'95 The circuits can be zoomed variably.\par
\'95 A context sensitive status bar and a context sensitive mouse pointer.\par
\'95 You can print the circuits.\par
\'95 elements can be turned in 90 degrees steps.\par
\'95 The following element libraries are enclosed with \b LoKon\b0 :\par
{\li1080}1) Elements\par
\li1440- On/Off and LED as simple 1bit indication.\par
- Gates NOT, AND, OR, NAND (negative AND), NOR (negative or), XOR (exclusive or), EQUIV (equality)\par
- AND, NAND, OR and NOR up to 4 inputs\par
- Delays (up to 100 time grids)\par
- Adder (up to 8 bits)\par
- Multiplexer/demultiplexer (up to 4:1 resp. 1:4)\par
- Counter (up to DIV 16)\par
- Flipflops\par
{\li1080}2) Registers\par
\li1440- Register (up to 4 bits)\par
- Shift Register (shift right, left) up to 4 bits\par
{\li1080}3) Display\par
\li1440- Light/Lamp\par
- LED blocks (up to 4 LEDs)\par
- 7 segment display\par
\li720\'95 Every element has its own delay time.\par
\'95 Circuits can be displayed both in german and american norm.\line The circuits are compatible, i.e. a circuit created with american norm can be displayed in german norm (provided that you have included the german norm files in the menu Options/Element-Files) and vice versa.\par
\'95 Circuits with elements having different delays can also be simulated.\line For that you only have to create/change and include element files.\par
\'95 Standard usage, like you are used to from Windows programs:\par
\li1080- Speed bar\par
- Status bar (imformation field and coordinate display)\par
- Context sensitive help\par
- Copy into and from the clipboard\par
-  Assotiation in File-Manager\par
\li720\'95 Text and graphics (only Bitmaps) can be imported via the clipboard.\par
\par
\li0\fi0\cf12 Limitations:\cf0 \par
\li720\fi-360\'95 No defined reactions in critical situations, i.e.:\par
If \b LoKon\b0  doesn't get required memory, or there are no more system resources, \b LoKon\b0  can crash.\line In most cases Windows won't crash. In that case close \b LoKon\b0  by pressing the keys \i Alt+Ctrl+Del\i0 .\par
\'95 A circuit can't take more than 16.000 elements (inclusive connections).\par
\'95 You cannot cancel the printing.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin1}
\b Vorher:\b0  Simulation und sofortige Anzeige.\par
Dies hat dazugef\'FChrt, da\'DF w\'E4hrend eines Time Grid_ ein Bauelement mehrmals dargestellt wurde, wenn sich mehrere Eingangspegel eigentlich \i gleichzeitig\i0  ge\'E4ndert haben.\par
\par
\b Jetzt:\b0  Zuerst wird intern die Simulation eines Time Grid_s durchgef\'FChrt und danach werden dann alle Elemente neu angezeigt, bei denen sich mindestens ein Eingangspegel ge\'E4ndert hat.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin4}
Create a \b new\b0  window.\par
You can choose:\par
\li360- \i Circuit\i0 \par
- \i Elements\i0 \par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin15}
The \b title bar\b0  contains the name of the window. The main window is called \i LoKon mini V1.1 \i0 .\par
The title bar contains also the name of the current work window, if you raised it to full screen. The name of the work window then appears in square brackets.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin72}
Show help of the current subject (topic search).\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic17}
${\footnote Dialog boxes for elements_}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Elemente}
+{\footnote layout:030}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Dialog boxes for elements\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \li360\tx1440{\uldb \{bmc ANDGATE.BMP\}\tab Element-Dialog}{\v Topic19}\par
\par
{\uldb \{bmc CONPT.BMP\}\tab sonnection point dialog}{\v Topic21}\par
\par
{\uldb \{bmc SWITCH.BMP\}\tab switch dialog}{\v Topic20}\par
\par
{\uldb \{bmc TICK.BMP\}\tab clock dialog}{\v Topic24}\par
\par
{\uldb \{bmc TEXTTEXT.BMP\}\tab text dialog}{\v Topic22}\par
\par
{\uldb \{bmc BMP.BMP\}\tab bitmap dialog}{\v Topic23}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic43}
${\footnote How to do ?___}
K{\footnote How to do ?___}
+{\footnote lokon:015}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc How to ... ?\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 Explanations on how to\par
\li360{\uldb start LoKon ?}{\v Topic42}\par
{\uldb build a circuit ?}{\v Topic44}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic51}
${\footnote mainmenu}
K{\footnote use}
+{\footnote use:004}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml\par
LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Main Menues\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc FILESB.SHG\}\par
\{bmc FILEMEN.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc EDITBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc EDITMENU.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc OPTIONS.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc WINDOWMN.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc HELPMENU.SHG\}\par
\par
{\ul \{bmc TIMERAST.BMP\}}{\v Defin80}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic6}
${\footnote Circuit__}
K{\footnote Circuit;Layout}
+{\footnote lokon:030}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Circuit\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b The circuit window\b0 \par
\{bmc CIRCUIT.SHG\}\par
\ql \f0\fs24 You create a new circuit with the menu command {\uldb File->New->Circuit}{\v Topic6}. You load a new circuit with {\uldb File->Open}{\v Topic9}. You have to select the file format Circuit (*.LAY) in the fileselect dialog box.\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb How to build a circuit ?}{\v Topic44}\par
{\uldb Menu commands of the circuit window}{\v Topic16}\par
{\uldb Mouse pointers in the circuit}{\v Topic18}\par
{\uldb Dialog boxes for elements}{\v Topic17}\par
{\uldb Edit (in the circuit)}{\v Topic25}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic15}
${\footnote ROM/RAM - erzeugen}
K{\footnote ROM/RAM;Element;Schaltung}
+{\footnote layout:014}
**
\pard
\page
}
