{\rtf1\ansi{\fonttbl
\f0\froman Times New Roman;
\f1\fswiss Arial;
\f2\fnil Symbol;
\f3\fmodern Courier New;}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green128\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255}
\deff0 \fs24\tx360
#{\footnote Topic1}
${\footnote LoKon-Contents}
K{\footnote Contents}
+{\footnote lokon:000}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 \qc \{bml LOKON.BMP \} Contents\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
\ql \li360\sa200\tx1000\tab{\uldb Requirements}{\v Topic3}\par
\tab{\uldb Performance Overview}{\v Topic4}\par
{\uldb \{bmc LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic42}\tab{\uldb How to start LoKon ?}{\v Topic42}\par
\tab {\uldb Use}{\v Topic5}\par
\tab{\uldb How to ... ?}{\v Topic43}\par
{\uldb \{bmc LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\tab{\uldb Circuit}{\v Topic6}\par
{\uldb \{bmc ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic13}\tab{\uldb Element file}{\v Topic13}\par
\tab{\uldb Historie}{\v Topic8}\par
\tab{\uldb Address}{\v Topic53}\par
\par\pard\tx360\cf12 {\tx500}\fi-500\li500Tip:\cf0 {\tab}You can click into graphics. There's additional information\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic2}
${\footnote kontextHilfe}
K{\footnote Help;contextsensitive;Use}
+{\footnote use:002}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml\par
LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Contextsensitive Help\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 If you press the key F1, a help window appears, which shows the help information about the actual work window. The dialogues also have help informations. The help of a dialogue is called in the system menue of the dialogue.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic3}
${\footnote Requirements_______}
K{\footnote Requirements}
+{\footnote lokon:002}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Requirements\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 To run \b LoKon\b0  you need:\par
\li360\'95 an {\ul IBM}{\v Defin2}\'99 PC or compatible\par
\'95 {\ul MS-Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99 \cf12  3.1\cf0  or later or {\ul WinOS/2}{\v Defin2}\'99 \cf12 Version 2.11\cf0  or later.\par
\'951 MByte hard drive free disk space (minimum installation), 3 MByte for full installation (examples and manual).\par
\par
\li0It is recommended to use a video card with 800x600 pixels and 16 colors.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic4}
${\footnote Performance Overview__}
K{\footnote Overview;Performance Overview}
+{\footnote lokon:004}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Performance Overview\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \li720\fi-360\'95 Build complex digital circuits, only restricted by the computer's memory.\par
\'95 The coordinate space expands: [-30000;+30000].\par
\'95 The circuits can be zoomed variably.\par
\'95 A context sensitive status bar and a context sensitive mouse pointer.\par
\'95 You can print the circuits and graphics.\par
\'95 Create your own element libraries.\par
\'95 elements - also the ones created by yourself - can be turned in 90 degrees steps.\par
\'95 The following element libraries are enclosed with \b LoKon\b0 :\par
{\li1080}1) Elements\par
\li1440- On/Off and LED as simple 1bit indication.\par
- Gates NOT, AND, OR, NAND (negative AND), NOR (negative or), XOR (exclusive or), EQUIV (equality)\par
- AND, NAND, OR and NOR up to 8 inputs\par
- Delays (up to 100 time grids)\par
- Adder (up to 8 bits)\par
- Multiplexer/demultiplexer (up to 8:1 resp. 1:8)\par
- Counter (up to DIV 16)\par
- Flipflops\par
{\li1080}2) Registers\par
\li1440- Register (up to 16 bits)\par
- Shift Register (shift right, left) up to 16 bits\par
{\li1080}3) Display\par
\li1440- Light/Lamp\par
- LED blocks (up to 8 LEDs)\par
- 7 segment display\par
\li720\'95 The element libaries are enlarged regularly and they may be used freely.\par
\'95 Every element has its own delay time.\par
\'95 Circuits can be displayed both in german and american norm.\line The circuits are compatible, i.e. a circuit created with american norm can be displayed in german norm (provided that you have included the german norm files in the menu Options/Element-Files) and vice versa.\par
\'95 Circuits with elements having different delays can also be simulated.\line For that you only have to create/change and include element files.\par
\'95 Standard usage, like you are used to from Windows programs:\par
\li1080- Speed bar\par
- Status bar (imformation field and coordinate display)\par
- Context sensitive help\par
- Copy into and from the clipboard\par
-  Assotiation in File-Manager\par
\li720\'95 Text and graphics (only Bitmaps) can be imported via the clipboard.\par
\'95 Each circuit have an oscilloscope which records the states of  selected connections.\par
\par
\li0\fi0\cf12 Limitations:\cf0 \par
\li720\fi-360\'95 No defined reactions in critical situations, i.e.:\par
If \b LoKon\b0  doesn't get required memory, or there are no more system resources, \b LoKon\b0  can crash.\line In most cases Windows won't crash. In that case close \b LoKon\b0  by pressing the keys \i Alt+Ctrl+Del\i0 .\par
\'95 A circuit can't take more than 16.000 elements (inclusive connections).\par
\'95 You cannot cancel the printing.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic5}
${\footnote Use}
K{\footnote Use}
+{\footnote lokon:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Use\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 The use of \b LoKon\b0  is equal to the use of other {\ul Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99 programs.\line If you aren't familiar with {\ul Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99, you should first learn how to use Windows\'99.\line For that, {\ul Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99 includes a learning program. You can read about it in your {\ul Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99 documentation.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b The main window\b0 \par
\{bmc MAINWIN.SHG\}\par
\ql \f0\fs24 The main window appears after you start \b LoKon\b0 . That's the window you work with.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b The main menus\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc FILESB.SHG\}\par
\{bmc FILEMEN.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc EDITBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc EDITMENU.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc OPTIONS.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc WINDOWMN.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc HELPMENU.SHG\}\par
\par
{\ul \{bmc TIMERAST.BMP\}}{\v Defin80}\par
\par
\li360{\uldb Standard Dialog}{\v Topic30}\par
{\uldb File Dialog}{\v Topic9}\par
{\uldb Element File}{\v Topic13}\par
{\uldb Time Grid}{\v Topic11}\par
{\uldb Font}{\v Topic12}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic6}
${\footnote Circuit__}
K{\footnote Circuit;Layout}
+{\footnote lokon:030}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Circuit\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b The circuit window\b0 \par
\{bmc CIRCUIT.SHG\}\par
\ql \f0\fs24 You create a new circuit with the menu command {\uldb File->New->Circuit}{\v Topic6}. You load a new circuit with {\uldb File->Open}{\v Topic9}. You have to select the file format Circuit (*.LAY) in the fileselect dialog box.\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb How to build a circuit ?}{\v Topic44}\par
{\uldb Menu commands of the circuit window}{\v Topic16}\par
{\uldb Mouse pointers in the circuit}{\v Topic18}\par
{\uldb Dialog boxes for elements}{\v Topic17}\par
{\uldb Edit (in the circuit)}{\v Topic25}\par
{\uldb Oscilloscope}{\v Topic54}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic7}
${\footnote Element Choice_}
K{\footnote Circuit;Layout;Element}
+{\footnote layout:012}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Element Choice\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \{bmc ELECHOOS.SHG\}Select an element out of a element file.\par
You can select an element (here the AND gate) in two different ways:\par
{\li360}1. Select the element with the mouse button, then press the OK button.\par
2. Double click the element with the mouse button.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic8}
${\footnote Historie}
K{\footnote Historie}
+{\footnote lokon:900}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Historie\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
{\ul Version 0.9}{\v Defin133}\tab\i 19.07.1994\i0 \par
{\ul Version 1.0}{\v Defin134}\tab\i 25.08.1994\i0 \par
{\ul Version 1.1}{\v Defin135}\tab\i 15.10.1994\i0 \par
{\ul Version 1.5}{\v Defin136}\tab\i 13.04.1995\i0 \par
{\ul Version 1.5a}{\v Defin219}\tab\i 12.09.1995\i0 \par
{\ul Version 1.6}{\v Defin211}\tab\i 06.03.1996\i0 \par
{\ul Version 1.6a}{\v Defin220}\tab\i 20.03.1996\i0 \par
{\ul Version 1.6b}{\v Defin223}\tab\i 02.04.1996\i0 \par
{\ul Version 1.7}{\v Defin221}\tab\i 10.06.1996\i0 \par
{\ul Version 2.0}{\v Defin222}\tab\i planned Update\i0 \par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin1}
\b Vorher:\b0  Simulation und sofortige Anzeige.\par
Dies hat dazugef\'FChrt, da\'DF w\'E4hrend eines Time Grid_ ein Bauelement mehrmals dargestellt wurde, wenn sich mehrere Eingangspegel eigentlich \i gleichzeitig\i0  ge\'E4ndert haben.\par
\par
\b Jetzt:\b0  Zuerst wird intern die Simulation eines Time Grid_s durchgef\'FChrt und danach werden dann alle Elemente neu angezeigt, bei denen sich mindestens ein Eingangspegel ge\'E4ndert hat.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin2}
\b IBM\b0 , \b VGA\b0  and \b OS/2\b0  are registered trademarks of  the International Business Machines Corp.\par
\b MS-DOS\b0  and \b MS-Windows\b0  are registered trademarks of the Microsoft Corp.\par
All additional used program names, font names ... are also registered trademarks and may not be\par
used in a commercial way.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin3}
Menu commands that refers to \b file\b0  opearations.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin4}
Create a \b new\b0  window.\par
You can choose:\par
\li360- \i Circuit\i0 \par
- \i Elements\i0 \par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin5}
\b Yes\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin6}
\b Save\b0  work window with the current file name.\par
This menu command is only active when the work window has a name. That is the case if it was loaded from a file, or if it was saved before.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin7}
\b No\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin8}
\b Print\b0   the current work window.\par
The visible area of a graphic or circuit is printed. This area is expanded to fill the whole page.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin9}
\b Printer Setup\b0 : Choose printer options.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin10}
Informations \b about\b0  your LoKon version.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin11}
\b Exit\b0  LoKon.\par
For every work window that isn't saved, a dialog box appears.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin12}
\{bmc LAYOUT.BMP \} New {\uldb Circuit}{\v Topic6}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin13}
\{bmc ELEFILE.BMP \} New {\uldb Element file}{\v Topic13}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin14}
The \b system menu\b0  contains commands for moving and closing the window.\line You can iconize or raise the window. You can read more about it in your {\ul Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99 documentation.\par
\par
The following menu items are added to the dialog system menu:\par
\{bmc SYSMENU.SHG\}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin15}
The \b title bar\b0  contains the name of the window. The main window is called \i LoKon V1.7 \i0 .\par
The title bar contains also the name of the current work window, if you raised it to full screen. The name of the work window then appears in square brackets.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin16}
\b Iconize\b0  window.\par
Corresponds to the menu command Iconize in the system menu.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin17}
Raise window to \b full screen\b0  size.\par
Corresponds to the menu command Raise window in the system menu.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin18}
The \b menu bar\b0  contains the menus.\par
A menu is selected by mouse click or by pressing the keys \i Alt-<Key>\i0 , where \i <Key>\i0  stands for the underlined letter of the menu.\par
The look of the menu bar depends on the active work window.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin19}
The \b speed bar\b0  increases the access time of often used commands.\par
Just click the button on the speed bar.\par
The look of the speed bar depends on the active work window.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin20}
The following work windows appear in the \b client area\b0  of the main window:\par
{\uldb Circuit}{\v Topic6}, {\uldb Element files}{\v Topic10} and {\uldb Graphics}{\v Topic14}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin21}
The \b status bar\b0  contains current informations.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin22}
The \b position display\b0  shows the coordinates of the mouse pointer in a circuit or graphic.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin23}
Show \b Help\b0 .\par
This help file is shown.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin24}
The entry Filename contains the selected file resp. the file mask.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin25}
The files in the selected path are listed beneath the filename.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin26}
\b Vertical Scrollbar\b0 .\par
You can change values, scroll a list or a window with a scrollbar.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin27}
The path structure is beneath the drive.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin28}
The current drive.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin29}
Click it to open the combo box.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin30}
The chosen file format.\par
Possible formats:\par
\fi360- Circuit (*.LAY)\par
- Element file (*.ELE)\par
- Options (*.INI)\par
- Graphic (*.GRC)  (LoKon's own graphic format)\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin31}
Confirm the dialog.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin32}
Cancel the dialog.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic9}
${\footnote File-Dialog_}
K{\footnote File-Dialog_;Öffnen;Speichern unter}
+{\footnote use:010}
 \keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc File Dialog box\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
\{bmc FILEDLG.SHG\}\par
This dialog box appears if you want to load a file or save a file with a different name.\par
The options are also loaded and saved with this dialog box.\par
\par
\{bmc SAVEAS.SHG\}\par
If you choose an existing file in the Save As dialog box, a security dialog box appears.\par
If you press the Yes-Button the selected file is overwritten.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin33}
The message resp. information.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin34}
You can commit the basic options of LoKon with these menu commands.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic10}
${\footnote Element-Files__}
K{\footnote Element-Files__;Einstellungen}
+{\footnote use:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Element files\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
\{bmc ELEFILES.SHG\}\par
In this dialog box you can include the element files.\par
Every alias name stands for an element file.\par
An element file is included into a circuit by its alias name.\par
With alias names it is possible to display and simulate circuits with different element\par
files (the elements of the element files have different graphics or different timings).\par
These element files then must have compatible elements, i.e.  :\par
\fi360\'95 corresponding elements must have the same index\par
\'95 corresponding elements must have the same number of inputs and outputs\par
\'95 every element must have a corresponding element in the other element file *.ELE\par
\fi0I.e. the element files 'Elements', 'Register' and 'Display' exist both in the german DIN norm and in the american norm.\par
To change the display, the alias name just has to be linked to the corresponding element file.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic11}
${\footnote Time Grid_}
K{\footnote Time Grid_;Einstellungen}
+{\footnote use:030}
 \keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Time Grid\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
\{bmc TIMERAST.SHG\}\par
Here you can adjust the speed of the simulation in milliseconds.\par
The shortest time grid is one unit of time. Every gate or other element (except for the\par
wires and connection points) delay the pulse for at least one time grid.\par
The display flashes with the current simulation speed.\par
The real simulation speed can vary with the adjusted speed, if your PC is too slow for\par
the adjusted speed.\par
\par
With the check box active, you can activate and deactivate the automatic time grid.\par
Only if the automatic time grid is deactivated the menu command Time Grid in the\par
main menu is active and you have to continue a time grid by selecting this menu\par
command.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin35}
\b View\b0 \par
With these menu commands you adjust the standard magnify for new layouts or a circuits or graphics.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic12}
${\footnote Font___}
K{\footnote Font___;Einstellungen}
+{\footnote use:040}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Font\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \{bmc FONT.SHG\}\par
If you called the font dialog box in the options menu, the new font only effects new\par
circuits and graphics.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin36}
A dialog box appears, where you can change the values for the \b Positioning\b0 .\par
The change of this option immediately becomes effective for all circuits and input/output graphics.\par
You can only move to positions that are dividable by the positioning value.\par
Example: If the position value is 10, you can only move to positions that are dividable by 10 (the positions of the small grid points).\par
The value is asked for in a number dialog.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin37}
If this menu command is checked, extra \b message box\b0 es (e.g. at error inputs) are displayed. They give a better information about the cause of the error.\par
A message box always appears after a fatal error.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin38}
Load options.\par
See {\uldb file dialog}{\v Topic9}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin39}
Save the options with the current filename.\par
If  this menu command is active, the filename is displayed in the menu command.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin40}
Save options as (with a new filename).\par
See {\uldb file dialog box}{\v Topic9}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin41}
Change options for the \b grid\b0 .\par
\{bmc RASTERME.SHG\}\par
If you select this menu out of the options menu, changes will take effect only for new windows.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin42}
The grid is switched \b off\b0 .\par
The display speed will be higher.\par
If you select this menu out of the options menu, changes will take effect only for new windows.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin43}
A big grid is displayed.\par
If you select this menu out of the options menu, changes will take effect only for new windows.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin44}
A small grid is displayed.\par
If you select this menu out of the options menu, changes will take effect only for new windows.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin45}
The \b grid\b0  is displayed \b in\b0  the \b front\b0  (in front of the circuit).\par
The redraw speed of a circuit increases.\par
If you select this menu command, the grid is displayed behind.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin46}
If this menu command is checked, the outputs are displayed with a green arrow and the inputs with a red arrow.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin47}
Here you can change the display of the wires from black/red to thick/thin.\par
If this menu command is checked, the option thick/thin is active.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic13}
${\footnote Element-File_}
K{\footnote Element-File_;Element}
+{\footnote lokon:040}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Element-File\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b Element-File Window\b0 \par
\{bmc ELEFILE.SHG\}\par
\ql \f0\fs24 A new element file can be created with the menu command {\uldb File->New->Elements}{\v Topic5}. You can load an element file with {\uldb File->Open}{\v Topic9}. The file format must be Element File ('*.ELE').\par
You can also edit an {\uldb element graphic}{\v Topic14} by double clicking the desired element in the element list.\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb How to create an element file ?_____}{\v Topic46}\par
{\uldb Menues of the Element-File}{\v Topic26}\par
{\uldb Editing ( in the element file )}{\v Topic31}\par
{\uldb Graphic}{\v Topic14}\par
{\ul Region}{\v Defin141}\par
{\uldb Positions of the In-/Outputs}{\v Topic27}\par
{\uldb In-/Output}{\v Topic28}\par
{\uldb Basic inputs}{\v Topic29}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic14}
${\footnote Grafic}
K{\footnote Grafic;Element}
+{\footnote elefile:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml GRAPHIC.BMP\}}{\v Topic13}\qc Graphic\par\pard\tx360\f1\fs32 \qc \b Graphic-Choice\b0 \par
\{bmc CHOGR.SHG\}\par
\ql \f0\fs24 The graphic selection dialog appears, if the element has at least one state. Then also state dependent graphics can be edited.\par
Here you choose which graphic to edit.\par
The radio buttons in the middle mean:\par
\li720\fi-360\'95 \b St.On\b0  The graphic selected with the radio buttons is displayed, if the corresponding state is one.\par
\'95 \b St. Value\b0  The check boxes mean a combination of states. The graphic is only displayed if the combination appears.\par
\li0\fi0You can edit the selected state graphic by selecting the button \b St. Graphic\b0 .\par
\b B. Grafik\b0  means background graphic. This is the real element graphic. It is always displayed in the circuit.\par
The element graphic window is also opened, when you double click an element.\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb Menues of the Graphic}{\v Topic32} (inclusive mouse pointers)\par
{\uldb Dialog boxes for objects}{\v Topic33}\par
{\uldb Editing ( in the graphic )}{\v Topic36}\par
{\uldb Positions of the In-/Outputs}{\v Topic27}\par
{\uldb In-/Output}{\v Topic28}\par
{\uldb Basic inputs}{\v Topic29}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin48}
\b Horizontal Scrollbar\b0 .\par
You can change values, scroll a list or a window with a scrollbar.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin49}
Include a new element file.\par
First you have to select an existing element file '*.ELE'  (see {\uldb file dialog box}{\v Topic9}).\par
Then give the file an alias name.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin50}
Change the alias name.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin51}
Link alias to another element file.\par
See {\uldb file dialog box}{\v Topic9}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin52}
Delete alias name and element file.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin53}
List of aliases.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin54}
List of the corresponding element files.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin55}
Automatique Time impulse on/off.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin56}
Visualisation of the speed of the Time Grid.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin57}
Time grid in milliseconds.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin58}
Input time grid.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin59}
Adjust the font.\par
You can only select standard True-Type\'99 fonts from Windows\'99.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin60}
Adjust the style.\par
You can select several styles at one time.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin61}
Direction of the font in degrees.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin62}
The Height of the font.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin63}
The Width of the font.\par
If the width is zero, the font width will conform to the given height.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin64}
An example text with the style of the adjusted font.\par
The size is not obligatory, because the zooming of the graphic or circuit is not considered.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin65}
You can change the arrangement of the work windows with these menu commands.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin66}
Tile windows.\par
\{bmc TILE.BMP \} \par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin67}
Cascade windows.\par
\{bmc CASCADE.BMP \} \par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin68}
Close all windows.\par
If a window isn't saved, a dialog box appears.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin69}
Arrange icons.\par
It is only done, if all windows are iconized.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin70}
With the help menu you can get help about LoKon.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin71}
Show the contents of the help.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin72}
Show help of the current subject (topic search).\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin73}
Shows how to use help.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin74}
With the commands of the \b Edit\b0  menu, you can work with the clipboard.\par
You can cut, copy or paste parts of a graphic, circuit or element file.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin75}
\b Cut\b0  selected pieces from the work window.\par
The selected pieces are copied to the clipboard and are deleted in the work window.\par
This menu command is only available, if an area/elements is selected in the current work window.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin76}
\b Copy\b0  the selected pieces from the work window to the clipboard.\par
This menu command is only available, if an area/elements is selected in the current work window.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin77}
Paste the contents of the clipboard on the work window.\par
This menu command is only available, if the contents of the clipboard can be pasted on the work window.\par
The following formats are accepted:\par
\li360- Circuit\par
- Element file\par
- Graphic (LoKon format)\par
- Graphic (bitmap)\par
- Text (without format)\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin78}
\b Clear\b0  the selected pieces of the work window.\par
This menu command is only available, if an area/elements is selected in the current work window.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin79}
\b Select all\b0 .\par
Is inactive in the element file.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin80}
Continue a time grid by hand.\par
This menu command is only available, if the automatic time grid is disabled in the dialog box {\uldb Options->Time grid}{\v Topic11}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin81}
A \b gate\b0  resp. an \b element\b0  from an {\uldb element-file}{\v Topic10}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin82}
A \b switch\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin83}
A \b connection point\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin84}
A \b connection\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin85}
\b Text\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin86}
\b Simulation-Menue\b0 .\par
You can control the simulation with these menu commands.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin87}
\b Start\b0  the simulation.\par
The signal flow is simulated.\par
The time grid is given automatically or by hand ( depends on the adjustment in the dialog box {\uldb Options->Time Grid...}{\v Topic11}) .\par
You can give the time grid by hand with the menu command {\ul Time Grid!}{\v Defin80}.\par
While the simulation is running, you can only edit the circuit restricted.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin88}
\b Stop\b0  the simulation.\par
Now you can edit the circuit again.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin89}
\b Reset\b0  the simulation.\par
All signal flows are deleted. The connections and elements are reseted.\par
Switches keep their value. The memory of the RAM/ROMs is not changed.\par
\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin90}
\b Element-Menue\b0 .\par
Here you find all the elements for your circuit.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin91}
Insert a copy of the last selected element (\b xxx\b0 ) into the circuit.\par
This menu command is named like the last selected element.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin92}
Insert a connection point into the circuit.\par
\cf12 Warning\cf0 : The best way to insert a connection point into the circuit is to lay one end of a new connection onto an already existing connection.\par
Read also: {\uldb See How to build a circuit ?}{\v Topic44}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin93}
Insert a \b zero\b0  into the circuit.\par
The output of this element is always 0.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin94}
Insert a \b one\b0  into the circuit.\par
The output of this element is always 1.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin95}
Insert a  \b switch\b0  into the circuit.\par
A switch can be switched during simulation by clicking it with the left mouse button.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin96}
Insert a \b clock\b0  into the circuit.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic15}
${\footnote ROM/RAM - erzeugen}
K{\footnote ROM/RAM;Element;Circuit__}
+{\footnote layout:014}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Create ROM/RAM\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \{bmc ROMRAMDL.SHG\}\par
Create a ROM/RAM and insert it into the circuit.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin97}
Insert \b Text\b0  into the circuit with the current font.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin98}
A list of the linked {\uldb Element-Files}{\v Topic10}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin99}
A list of the \b elements\b0  of the selected element-file.\par
Chapters are aligned left and the elements have an indent.\par
You can select an element by double clicking it.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin100}
\{bmc NEWELEFI.SHG\}\par
Insert a \b new element-file\b0  into the circuit.\par
You can select an element-file by double-clicking.\par
\cf12 Warning:\cf0  Element-files can't be deleted out of a circuit.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin101}
The \b access time\b0  for the ROM/RAM in \i time grid\i0  units.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin102}
The number of the \b data bits\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin103}
The number of the \b address bits\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin104}
If checked, the ROM/RAM has an \b enable-input\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin105}
Create a \b ROM\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin106}
Create a \b RAM\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin107}
\b View\b0 \par
With these menu commands you adjust the magnify and the layout of a circuit or graphic.\par
This menu only appears in a circuit or graphic.\par
\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin108}
Magnify.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin109}
\b Clipping\b0 .\par
\{bmc ZOOMBOX.BMP \} Move the mouse pointer to one edge of the clipping part, press the left mouse button and draw a rectangle that contains the clipping area. When you release the mouse button, the clipping area fills the whole window.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin110}
Show the whole graphic resp. whole circuit in the window.\par
This menu command obviously contains the corresponding name.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin111}
Shows the circuit/graphic with 90 Percent of the current size.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin112}
Shows the circuit/graphic with 75 Percent of the current size.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin113}
Shows the circuit/graphic with 50 Percent of the current size.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin114}
Redraw.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin115}
Set {\ul Grid Size}{\v Defin36} to 10.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin116}
Set {\ul Grid Size}{\v Defin36} to 5.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin117}
Set {\ul Grid Size}{\v Defin36} to 1.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin118}
If this menu command is checked, a collision check is made when you move pieces of a circuit.\par
If the collision check is on, no element or block can be moved onto another element or wire.\par
\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic16}
${\footnote Menus of the circuit window}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout}
+{\footnote layout:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Menues of the circuit\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc SIMBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc SIMMENU.SHG\}\par
\cf12 Warning:\cf0 \par
\li360\'95 During the simuation you can't edit a circuit. This is only possible after you {\ul stop}{\v Defin88}ped the simulation.\par
\'95 As soon as a circuit is edited, the simuation is reseted automatically.\par
\par
\li0\{bmc ELEBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc ELEMENU.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc LAYVIEWB.SHG\}\{bmc VIEWBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc LAYVIEW.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc POSBAR.SHG\}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic17}
${\footnote Dialog boxes for elements_}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Elemente}
+{\footnote layout:030}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Dialog boxes for elements\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \li360\tx1440{\uldb \{bmc ANDGATE.BMP\}\tab Element-Dialog}{\v Topic19}\par
\par
{\uldb \{bmc CONPT.BMP\}\tab sonnection point dialog}{\v Topic21}\par
\par
{\uldb \{bmc SWITCH.BMP\}\tab switch dialog}{\v Topic20}\par
\par
{\uldb \{bmc TICK.BMP\}\tab clock dialog}{\v Topic24}\par
\par
{\uldb \{bmc TEXTTEXT.BMP\}\tab text dialog}{\v Topic22}\par
\par
{\uldb \{bmc BMP.BMP\}\tab bitmap dialog}{\v Topic23}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic18}
${\footnote Mouse pointer of t. circuit}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout}
+{\footnote layout:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Mouse pointer of the circuit\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 The following functions are usually executed by pressing the left mouse button. The bold text behind the mouse pointer corresponds to the text of the status bar, when the mouse pointer has taken the corresponding form.\par
\par
\li360\{bmc MOVECUR.BMP \} \b Move element.\b0 \par
Move the element the mouse points to. During the movement (while pressing the left mouse button) you can turn the element with the right mouse button 90\'B0 clockwise.\par
\li720\{bmc MOVECUR2.BMP \} \b An existing element is touched !\b0 \par
The mouse pointer takes the upper form if an element in the circuit is touched and the collision is turned on (see {\uldb Options->Collision}{\v Topic5}).\par
\par
\li360With the right mouse button you can delete the element.\par
By double clicking, a {\uldb dialog box for the element}{\v Topic17} appears.\par
\par
\{bmc CONNCUR.BMP \} \b Set connection.\b0 \par
The mouse pointer is on an input/output. While the left mouse button is pressed, you drag the connection to another input/output.\par
\li720\{bmc CONNCUR2.BMP \} \b Connection is not possible.\b0 \par
\{bmc CONNCUR3.BMP \} \b The input/output is occupied.\b0 \par
\{bmc CONNCUR4.BMP \} \b Set a connection point.\b0 \par
The mouse pointer is on a connection. If you release the left mouse button, the existing connection is undone and a connection point is set at the positon of the mouse pointer, that connects the old and the new connection.\par
\par
\li360\{bmc CONNCUR5.BMP \} \b Set new connection.\b0 \par
The connection is undone at the current input/output and has to be set again.\par
The connection is deleted, if it isn't draged onto a input/output.\par
\par
\{bmc CPTCUR1.BMP \} \b Set point on connection.\b0 \par
The mouse pointer is on a connnection. First of all a connection courses directly from an input to an output. This is normally not desired, because you want a rightangled  course.\par
By pressing the left mouse button you set a point on a connection. This point can be moved to any position in the circuit.\par
\par
\{bmc CPTCUR2.BMP \} \b Move point of the connection.\b0 \par
You can drag the point on the connection to another position.\par
Press the left mouse button, drag the point to the new position and release the left mouse button.\par
\par
\{bmc SWITCCUR.BMP \} \b Switch.\b0 \par
The simuation is running and the mouse pointer is on a switch. By pressing the left mouse\par
button the state of the switch changes. If the state was zero it becomes one, if it was one it\par
becomes zero.\par
\par
\li0Read also: {\uldb Edit}{\v Topic25}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic19}
${\footnote Element - Dialog}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Element}
+{\footnote laydlg:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Element - Dialog\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc ELEDLG.SHG\} \{bmc ELE1DLG.SHG\} \{bmc ELE2DLG.SHG\}\par
Depending on the number of states for an element, one of the three following dialog boxes appears,\par
if you double click an element in a circuit and the element comes from a element file.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin119}
The first line of the dialog box contains the \b name\b0  of the element.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin120}
\b X-Position\b0  of the element.\par
The position can be changed by hand or with the scroll bars.\par
The collision is not checked, even if the collision menu command is switched on.\par
You can use the clipboard to copy/paste positions.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin121}
\b Y-Position\b0  of the element.\par
The position can be changed by hand or with the scroll bars.\par
The collision is not checked, even if the collision menu command is switched on.\par
You can use the clipboard to copy/paste positions.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin122}
The \b direction\b0  is set with the radio buttons. Here the collision is also not checked.\par
You can change the direction of an element by clicking the {\uldb right mouse button}{\v Topic18} while moving an element.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin123}
The \b state\b0  of the switch.\par
The state of a Zero is always zero. The state of a One is always one. You can't change the\par
state of these elements. The state switch is grey.\par
\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic20}
${\footnote Switch dialog box}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Schalter}
+{\footnote laydlg:030}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Switch dialog box\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc SWITCDLG.SHG\}\par
The switch dialog box appears if you double click a switch, a One or a Zero.\par
The state of a Zero is always zero. The state of a One is always one. You can't change the\par
state of these elements. The state switch is grey.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic21}
${\footnote Connection point dialogue_}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Verbindungsknoten}
+{\footnote laydlg:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Connection point dialogue\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc CONPTDLG.SHG\}\par
The connection point dialog box appears if you double click a connection point.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin124}
The \b number\b0  of connections is displayed.\par
It can't be changed.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic22}
${\footnote Text - Dialog}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Text}
+{\footnote laydlg:050}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Text - Dialog\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc TEXTDLG.SHG\}\par
The text dialog box appears by double clicking a text element.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin125}
The \b Text\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic23}
${\footnote Bitmap - Dialog}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Bitmap}
+{\footnote laydlg:060}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Bitmap - Dialog\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc BMPDLG.SHG\}\par
The bitmap dialog box appears by double clicking a bitmap element.\par
You can only insert a bitmap element into the circuit with the clipboard.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin126}
The \b width\b0  of the bitmap.\par
The width can be changed by hand or with the scroll bars.\par
The collision is not checked, even if the collision menu command is switched on.\par
You can use the clipboard to copy/paste the width.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin127}
The \b height\b0  of the bitmap.\par
The height can be changed by hand or with the scroll bars.\par
The collision is not checked, even if the collision menu command is switched on.\par
You can use the clipboard to copy/paste the height.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin128}
The \b Bitmap\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin129}
The \b time period\b0  of a half clock period of the clock in time grid units.\par
The clock is one for time and then zero for time.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin130}
The current \b state\b0  of the clock.\par
It can be changed by clicking with the mouse button.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic24}
${\footnote Clock dialogue box}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Taktgeber}
+{\footnote laydlg:040}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Time Grid\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc TICKDLG.SHG\}\par
Here you can adjust the speed of the simulation in milliseconds.\par
The shortest time grid is one unit of time. Every gate or other element (except for the\par
wires and connection points) delay the pulse for at least one time grid.\par
The display flashes with the current simulation speed.\par
The real simulation speed can vary with the adjusted speed, if your PC is too slow for\par
the adjusted speed.\par
\par
With the check box active, you can activate and deactivate the automatic time grid.\par
Only if the automatic time grid is deactivated the menu command Time Grid in the\par
main menu is active and you have to continue a time grid by selecting this menu\par
command.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin131}
\b Text\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin132}
\b Number\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic25}
${\footnote Editing in the circuit_______}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Bearbeiten}
+{\footnote layout:040}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Editing in the circuit_______\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \li360\{bmc NORMCUR.BMP \} \b Ready.\b0 \par
If you press the left mouse button while no element is touched,\par
\li720\{bmc EDITCUR.BMP \} \b Selection: Size.\b0 \par
you can drag a frame in the circuit (by holding the left mouse button). After releasing the mouse button, all elements in the frame are marked. The previous mark is not deleted.\par
\li360The selection is fully deleted, if you double click with the left mouse button.\par
\par
\li360\{bmc MOVECUR.BMP \} \b Move selected elements.\b0 \par
The mouse pointer is over a selected element. All selected elements are moved at the same time. While moving (by holding the left mouse button), the whole block of selected elements can be turned for 90\'B0 clockwise by pressing the right mouse button.\par
\li720\{bmc MOVECUR2.BMP \} \b An existing element is touched !\b0 \par
The mouse pointer takes the upper form, if an element of the circuit is touched and the collision\par
check is turned on (see {\uldb Options->Collision}{\v Topic5}).\par
\li360All selected elements are deleted by pressing the right mouse button.\par
\par
\li0\{bmc EDITBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc EDITMENU.SHG\}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin133}
\fi-360\li720\'95 first shareware version\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin134}
\fi-360\li720\'95 full version\par
\'95 circuit\par
\'95 element type table\par
\'95 Elementtyp Tabelle\par
\'95 Elements\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin135}
\fi-360\li720\'95 Speedbar\par
\'95 enhanced control\par
\'95 new element type: Boole\par
\'95 more elemente (Elements, Register and Display)\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin136}
\fi-360\li720\'95 {\ul Debug}{\v Defin194}\par
\'95 Shareware-Version with code in full version transformable\par
\'95 speed up\par
\'95 first English Version\par
\'95 Options are saved in an INI file.\par
\'95 enhanced simulation\par
\'95 elements graphic is splitted up into graphic and region\par
\'95 collision can be inactivated\par
\'95 import of text and bitmaps via the clipboard\par
\'95 contextsensitive help\par
\'95 Setup-Program.\par
\'95 enhanced speedbar\par
\'95 new manual\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin137}
 \b List of the elements\b0 .\par
Every element has an index number and a name.\par
The order doesn't depend on the index.\par
Every element is identified by its index. You can change the element name but not the index if you do not really know, what you do.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin138}
A \b dummy{BoldOFF}.\par
Can't be deleted nor changed.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic26}
${\footnote Element file Menues___}
K{\footnote Element-File_;Element}
+{\footnote elefile:005}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic13}\qc Menues of the Element-File\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc ELE2BAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc ELE2MENU.SHG\}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin139}
Create a new element of the type \b table\b0 .\par
The input/output function is realized with a table.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin140}
Create a new element of the type \b bool\b0 .\par
The input/output function is realized with a boolean expression.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin141}
Edit the \b region\b0  of the current element.\par
The region is a graphic, but the available graphic functions are strongly restricted.\par
Read also {\uldb Graphic}{\v Topic14}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic27}
${\footnote In-/Outputs__}
K{\footnote Eingang;Ausgang;Element}
+{\footnote elefile:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic13}\qc Positions of the In-/Outputs\par\pard\tx360\{bmc INOUTPOS.SHG\}\par
\ql \f0\fs24 The number of inputs/outputs is set in the input/output dialog box.\par
The position of the inputs/outputs first is the point 0/0.\par
You can move an input/output by selecting it with the left mouse button and move it to the new position (with pressed left mouse button).\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb Menues of the In-/Outputs}{\v Topic37}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic28}
${\footnote In-/Output__}
K{\footnote Eingabe;Ausgabe;Element}
+{\footnote elefile:030}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic13}\qc In-/Output\par\pard\tx360\cf0 \ql \f0\fs24 Set the behaviour of the input/output.\par
There are two types:\par
\li360{\uldb Table}{\v Topic38}\par
{\uldb Boolean}{\v Topic39}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic29}
${\footnote Basic inputs_}
K{\footnote Basic inputs_;Element}
+{\footnote elefile:040}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic13}\qc Basic inputs\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc BASICDLG.SHG \} \{bmc BASI2DLG.SHG \} \par
In this two dialog boxes you set the basic inputs of the states State and the inputs in.\par
A checked box means one, an empty box mean zero.\par
\par
The following is valid in the circuit:\par
\li360\'95 If you reset a circuit with {\ul Simulation->Reset}{\v Defin89}, the states of every element is set to the basic states.\par
\'95 While the simulation is on, every input that is not connected, is set to the basic states.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic30}
${\footnote Standard-Dialogs}
K{\footnote Standard-Dialogs;Use}
+{\footnote use:005}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Standard Dialogs\par\pard\tx360\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Text Dialog box\b0 \par
\f0\fs24 \{bmc TEXTINPU.SHG\}\par
\ql This dialog box appears if text inputs are necessary.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Number Dialog box\b0 \par
\f0\fs24 \{bmc NRINPUT.SHG\}\par
\ql This dialog box appears if number inputs are necessary.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin142}
The \b element menue\b0 .\par
You can create new elements, change their properties (index, name, graphic, ...) or delete them.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin143}
Create a \b new\b0  element.\par
You can select an element type in this submenu.\par
There a two types, that only differ in the input/output:\par
\li720\fi-360\'95 \b Table\b0 : The input/output function is realized with a table.\par
\'95 \b Bool\b0 : The input/output function is realized with a boolean expression.\par
\li0\fi0A new element is inserted after the current element.\par
The elements are displayed indented in the elment list.\par
The index of the new element is the highest index of the element file plus one.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin144}
Change the \b index\b0  of the current selected element.\par
The indexes have to be unequivocal in an element file. An index may not appear twice.\par
A circuit accesses an element of an element file by its index.\par
The order in the list and the indexes depend on each other.\par
You can input the index with a number dialog box (see Standard dialog boxes in the chapter Use).\par
\cf12 Warning\cf0 : Circuits cannot be loaded when you change the index of an element.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin145}
Create a new \b chapter\b0 .\par
The name of the chapter is inserted with the text dialog box.\par
A new chapter is inserted after the current element.\par
With a chapter you can format the element file.\par
The chapter ins't indented in the element list.\par
The index of a chapter doesn't matter.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin146}
\b Rename\b0  the current element or chapter.\par
You can input the name with a text dialog box.\par
In contrast to the indexes the name doesn't  matter at all. Elements can be renamed in any way, they still stay compatible for the circuits.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin147}
\b Delete\b0  an element or chapter\par
\cf12 Warning\cf0 : A circuit, that uses a deleted element, cannot be opened any more.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic31}
${\footnote Editing ( in the element file )_}
K{\footnote Bearbeiten;Element-File_}
+{\footnote elefile:007}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic13}\qc Editing ( in the element file )\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 The element file consists of a list of elements.\par
An element of the list is selected by clicking it with the mouse.\par
Several elements are selected by selecting every single one. There you have to additionally press the Ctrl key to not loose the previous selection.\par
To select a whole block, first select the first element with the left mouse button. Then press the \i shift\i0  key and select the last element (and release the \i shift\i0  key).\par
To not loose the previous selection you can use the \i Ctrl\i0  key.\par
You can also select with the keyboard.\par
There you can select an element with the cursor keys.\par
A whole block is selected, if you additionally press the \i shift\i0  key.\par
\par
\{bmc EDITBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc EDITMENU.SHG\}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin148}
The \b fix\b0  point.\par
An element sticks at this point to the mouse pointer when you move it.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin149}
The\b Graphic\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin150}
If \b St.On\b0  is checked, the graphic selected with the radio buttons is displayed, if the corresponding state is one.\par
\cf12 Warning:\cf0  state graphics will be deleted.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin151}
\b St. Value\b0  means a combination of states. The graphic is only displayed if the combination is the state of the element.\par
\cf12 Warning:\cf0  state graphics will be deleted.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin152}
Choose a state.\par
The graphic is displayed if the state is one.\par
To edit the graphic, press \b St. Graphic\b0 .\par
This radio buttons are active if St. On is checked.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin153}
Choose a state.\par
The graphic is displayed depending on the state \i combination\i0 .\par
To edit the graphic, press \b St. Graphic\b0 .\par
This radio buttons are active if St. Value is checked.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin154}
Edit the checked state graphic.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin155}
Edit the background graphic.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic32}
${\footnote Graphic menues__}
K{\footnote Grafic}
+{\footnote graphic:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml GRAPHIC.BMP\}}{\v Topic14}\qc Menues of the graphic\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc GRCTOBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc GRCTOMEN.SHG\}\par
In this menu you can adjust the drawing mode.\par
The speedbar shows the pressed switch that corresponds to the current mode.\par
The corresponding menu entry is checked in the menu draw.\par
\par
\{bmc VIEWBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc GRCVIEW.SHG\}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin156}
\{bmc MOVECUR.BMP\}\b Move.\b0 \par
By pressing the left mouse button, you can drag the graphic element beneath the mouse pointer to another position (positioning.).\par
While draging a graphic element, you can turn it 90\'B0 clockwise by pressing the right mouse button.\par
If you select a graphic object with a double click, a {\uldb dialog box}{\v Topic33} appears. \par
\par
\{bmc EDITCUR.BMP\}Elements can only be selected in the move mode. It is done by pressing the left mouse button without touching a graphic element.\par
Then make a rectangular by letting the left mouse button pressed (selection: size). All the elements in the rectangular are selected. The old selection is canceled. The selection is also canceled, if you double click the left mouse button.\par
You can move the selected graphic elements just like a single one. The can also be turned.\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : Yes.\par
\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin157}
\{bmc DELCUR.BMP\}\b Delete.\b0 \par
You delete an element by selecting it with the left mouse button.\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : Yes.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin158}
\{bmc LINECUR.BMP\}\b Line.\b0 \par
You can draw a line in this mode.\par
Press the left mouse button at the starting point, drag the line to the end point end and release the mouse button (Line: End point.).\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : No.\par
\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin159}
\{bmc TEXTCUR.BMP\}\b Text.\b0 \par
Press the left mouse button at the desired position, Then insert the text.\par
Read also: {\uldb Use}{\v Topic5}.\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : No.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin160}
\{bmc POLYCUR.BMP\}\b Poylgon.\b0 \par
Click the left mouse button at the start position.\par
Set every further point by clicking the left mouse button (not draging) (Polygon: Set points.).\par
If you have set all points, finish the polygon by pressing the right mouse button.\par
The last point is automatically connected to the first one.\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : No.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin161}
\{bmc POLYFCUR.BMP\}\b Poylgon (filled).\b0 \par
Just like polygon.\par
The polygon is filled with black color.\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : Yes.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin162}
\{bmc RECTCUR.BMP\}\b Retangle.\b0 \par
Press the left mouse button at one corner of the rectangle, drag its size and release the mouse button (Rectangle: Make size).\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : No.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin163}
\{bmc RECTFCUR.BMP\}\b Rectangle (filled).\b0 \par
Just like {\ul rectangle}{\v Defin162}.\par
The rectangle is filled black.\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : Yes.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin164}
\{bmc ELLICUR.BMP\}\b Ellipse.\b0 \par
In this mode you can draw ellipses.\par
Press the left mouse button, drag the ellipse's size and release the mouse button (Ellipse: Adjust size.).\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : No.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin165}
\{bmc ELLIFCUR.BMP\}\b Ellipse (filled).\b0 \par
Just like {\ul ellipse}{\v Defin164}.\par
The ellipse is filled black.\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : Yes.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin166}
\{bmc SEGMCUR.BMP\}\b Segment.\b0 \par
Press the left mouse button, drag the segment's size and release the mouse button (Segment: Adjust size.).\par
Then choose the start angle with the left mouse button (Segment: start angle.) and drag to the end angle (Segment: end angle.).\par
The last two positons musn't and normally aren't on the ellipse.\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : No.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin167}
\{bmc SEGMFCUR.BMP\}\b Segment (filled).\b0 \par
Just like {\ul segment}{\v Defin166}.\par
The segment is filled black.\par
\cf12 Region\cf0 : No.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin168}
The \b draw menue\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic33}
${\footnote Dialog boxes for objects_}
K{\footnote Dialog boxes for objects_;Grafic}
+{\footnote graphic:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml GRAPHIC.BMP\}}{\v Topic14}\qc Dialog boxes for objects\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \li360{\uldb Line}{\v Topic34}\par
{\uldb Text}{\v Topic35}\par
{\uldb Rectangle}{\v Topic34}\par
{\uldb Ellipse}{\v Topic34}\par
{\uldb Segment}{\v Topic34}\par
\par
\li0Polygons can't be changed after their creation.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic34}
${\footnote Graphic object dialog_}
K{\footnote Dialog boxes for objects_;Graficelement;Linie;Rechteck;Ellipse;Segment;Ellipsenabschnitt}
+{\footnote graphic:021}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml GRAPHIC.BMP\}}{\v Topic14}\qc Graphic object dialog\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc GELEDLG.SHG\}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin169}
Change to line.\par
Active for {\ul Line}{\v Defin169}, {\ul Rectangle}{\v Defin170} und {\ul Ellipse}{\v Defin171}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin170}
Change to rectangle.\par
Active for {\ul Line}{\v Defin169}, {\ul Rectangle}{\v Defin170} und {\ul Ellipse}{\v Defin171}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin171}
Change to ellipse.\par
Active for {\ul Line}{\v Defin169}, {\ul Rectangle}{\v Defin170} und {\ul Ellipse}{\v Defin171}.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin172}
Displays a segment.\par
Can't be changed.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin173}
Graphic element is filled.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic35}
${\footnote Text - Dialog (Grafic)}
K{\footnote Dialog boxes for objects_;Graficelement;Text}
+{\footnote graphic:022}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml GRAPHIC.BMP\}}{\v Topic14}\qc Text - Dialog\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc TEXTDLG.SHG\}\par
The text dialog box appears if you select a text element by double click in the move mode.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic36}
${\footnote Editing ( in the graphic )}
K{\footnote Grafic;Bearbeiten}
+{\footnote graphic:030}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml GRAPHIC.BMP\}}{\v Topic14}\qc Editing ( in the graphic )\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \li360\{bmc NORMCUR.BMP \} \b Move.\b0 \par
If you press the left mouse button, while no graphic element is touched,\par
\li720\{bmc EDITCUR.BMP \} \b Selection: size.\b0 \par
you can drag a rectanle in the graphic (by pressing the left mouse button). Atfer you released the mouse button, all graphic object inside the rectangle are selected. The previous selection is canceled.\par
\li360 The selection is also cancel, if you double click the left mouse button, while not touching a graphic element.\par
\par
\li360\{bmc MOVECUR.BMP \} \b Positioning.\b0 \par
The mouse pointer is just over a selected graphic element. All selected graphic elements are moved at the same time. While moving (while pressing the left mouse button), the whole block of selected elements can be turned 90\'B0 clockwise by pressing the right mouse button.\par
\par
\li0\{bmc EDITBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc EDITMENU.SHG\}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin174}
An \b input\b0 .\par
The input number is displayed at the arrow.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin175}
An \b output\b0 .\par
The output number is displayed at the arrow.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic37}
${\footnote Menus of the In/Outputs}
K{\footnote Eingang;Ausgang}
+{\footnote inout:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic27}\qc Menues of the In-/Output Positions\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc VIEWBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc GRCVIEW.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc POSBAR.SHG\}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin176}
The basic states of the inputs.\par
They are used if an input isn't connected.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin177}
The basic states of the inputs.\par
They are used if an input isn't connected.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic38}
${\footnote Table dialog box}
K{\footnote Tabelle;Element;Eingabe;Ausgabe}
+{\footnote io:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic28}\qc Table dialog box\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc TABDLG.SHG\}\par
\cf12 Warning:\cf0  The highest number of inputs, outputs and states is 10.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic39}
${\footnote Bool - Dialog}
K{\footnote Bool;Element;Eingabe;Ausgabe}
+{\footnote io:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic28}\qc Bool - Dialog\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc BOOLDLG.SHG\}\par
The In-/Output functions is programmed in a script.\par
The language is the Boolean Algebra.\par
\par
A line has the following format:\par
term = variable  Warning: no input is allowed here.\par
Variable: xxR - xx is a two-digit hexadecimal number, R is a register\par
There are four registers:\par
e or i \tab input\par
a or o \tab output\par
z or s \tab state\par
m \tab memory\par
If you write a register name with big letters, the negative conents is returned.\par
In a assignment, a register name can also be written with big letters. This has no effects.\par
\par
The term:\par
f \tab constant for false\par
w or t \tab constant for true\par
Term- or Term! \tab negation, corresponds to NOT(Term)\par
Term op VarKonst \tab a two-digit operator, corresponds to (Term) op VarKonst\par
+ oder | \tab logical OR\par
* oder & \tab logical AND\par
@ \tab negated OR or NOR\par
\'A7 \tab negated AND or NAND\par
x oder \'5E \tab exclusive OR resp. antivalence or XOR\par
> \tab implikation =>\par
< \tab implikation <=\par
~ \tab equivalence <=>\par
operands, that are represented by letters, can also be represented by the corresponing big letters.\par
A comment starts with a slash (/) . Everything after the slash is ignored.\par
If you confirm the dialog box with OK, a syntax check is done before closing the dialog box.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin178}
Fill the table with zero.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin179}
Fill the table with one.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin180}
Add an input.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin181}
Delete an input.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin182}
Add an output.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin183}
Delete an output.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin184}
Add a state.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin185}
Delete a state.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin186}
State number as input.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin187}
Input number.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin188}
Output number.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin189}
State number as output.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin190}
The table.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic40}
${\footnote Zeiten - Dialog}
K{\footnote Zeiten;Tabelle}
+{\footnote io:015}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic28}\qc Reaction Time\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc TIMEDLG.SHG\}\par
The time value zero is not possible. So you can't create ideal gates.\par
Ideal gates will lead to an infinity loop in the simulation, if they are coupled back.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin191}
Set all times to one.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin192}
Set all times to ten.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin193}
The \b reaction time\b0  of an output in {\uldb Time Grid}{\v Topic11} units.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin194}
\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin195}
Information: \b No error.\b0 \par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin196}
Set the number of inputs.\par
You can input the number with the vertical scroll bars or directly with the entry field.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin197}
Set the number of outputs.\par
You can input the number with the vertical scroll bars or directly with the entry field.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin198}
Set the number of states.\par
The states are saved internally and are valid during the whole simulation.\par
You can input the number with the vertical scroll bars or directly with the entry field.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin199}
Set the number of memory.\par
The memories are not saved internally. They are only temporary memories during the calculation of the new state and the output. They replace the braces.\par
You can input the number with the vertical scroll bars or directly with the entry field.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin200}
On the right side is the input field for the script.\par
   There you can input your program for the element. The program sets the state/input -\par
state/output function.\par
The reaction times are calculated from the terms. Every operator has the delay of one time grid unit. So the same type of elements can have different reaction times, depending on the realisation.\par
Text can be copied with the clipboard:\par
\li360Ctrl+Ins \tab copy to the clipboard\par
Shift+Ins \tab copy from the clipboard\par
Shift+Del \tab cut to the clipboard\par
\li0Only selected text regions are copied/cut.\par
Text regions are selected by moving the cursor with the cursor keys while you press the Shift key.\par
If you insert something, selected text is overwritten.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic41}
${\footnote Syntax check_____}
K{\footnote Syntax;Bool}
+{\footnote io:022}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml ELEFILE.BMP\}}{\v Topic39}\qc Syntax\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 Syntax check checks for:\par
\li360\'95 Correct written operators.\par
\'95 Register numbers may not be larger than the number of adjusted registers.\par
\par
\li0\{bmc SYNTAXNE.SHG\}\par
No error.\par
\par
\{bmc SYNTAXER.SHG\}\par
An error occured.\par
The position of the error appears in the title bar. Move the cursor to the corresponding line.\par
The error occured before the text, that is between the two quotation marks 'text'.\par
\par
The list of error messages:\par
\li360\'95  \b No register name!\b0 \par
\li720A variable was expected. The index of the register is correct but the idendification doesn't exist.\par
\cf2 Eliminate\cf0 : Insert a correct idendification, see register.\par
\li360\'95  \b An input only can be read.\b0 \par
\li720You assigned a value to an input. An input may not be on the right side of the sign of equality.\par
\cf2 Eliminate\cf0 : Insert a correct idendification, see register.\par
\li360\'95  \b An output only can be written.\b0 \par
\li720The value of an output can't be read, but only set.\par
\cf2 Eliminate\cf0 : Insert a correct idendification, see register.\par
\li360\'95  \b Register not available. (input, output, state or memory)\b0 \par
\li720You tried to use a register that doesn't exist.\par
\cf2 Eliminate\cf0 : Correct the register index or raise the number of registers of the given type.\par
\li360\'95  \b Double assignment!\b0 \par
\li720A value was assigned to an output or state before.\par
\cf2 Eliminate\cf0 : Change or delete one of the assignments.\par
A state should't be used for a temporary memory, instead use a memory register.\par
\li360\'95  \b Syntax error!\b0 \par
\li720A general syntax error.\par
\cf2 Eliminate\cf0 : Remove typing error. Read the syntax description again.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin201}
Stop: \b Error\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic42}
${\footnote How to start LoKon ?__}
K{\footnote Start}
+{\footnote howtodo:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic43}\qc How to start LoKon ?\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 You can start \b LoKon\b0  in four different ways:\par
{\tx720\li720\fi-360}1)\tab Double click the \{bmc LOKON.BMP \} LoKon icon in the program manager.\par
2)\tab Double click the file lokon.exe in the file manager.\par
3)\tab Drag a circuit file *.lay or an element file *.ele in the file manager and drop it\par
onto the file lokon.exe.\par
    LoKon runs and loads this file.\par
4)\tab Double click a file (*.lay or *.ele) associated with lokon.exe (*.lay oder *.ele)\par
in the file manager.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic43}
${\footnote How to do ?___}
K{\footnote How to do ?___}
+{\footnote lokon:015}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc How to ... ?\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 Explanations on how to\par
\li360{\uldb start LoKon ?}{\v Topic42}\par
{\uldb build a circuit ?}{\v Topic44}\par
{\uldb build an element file ?}{\v Topic46}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin202}
How to do ?\par
Short introduction and description of LoKon.\par
You should read this when you first work with LoKon.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic44}
${\footnote How to build a circuit ?_________}
K{\footnote How to do ?___;Circuit__;Layout}
+{\footnote howtodo:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic43}\qc How to build a circuit ?\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b A new circuit window\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 First you need a work window for your circuit.\par
\{bmc HOWNEWLA.SHG\}\par
For that you have to select \i New\i0  in the \i File\i0  menu. Then you have to select \i circuit\i0 .\par
\{bmc HOWLAY.SHG\}\par
A new circuit window appears. It is called \i Circuit\i0 .\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Full screen\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 To work better with the window you can raise it. You can do this by draging the border to a larger size. But it's best to work in full screen mode.\par
To bring  LoKon to full screen mode, you have to select the \{bmc HOWFULL.SHG\} up arrow.\par
Do the same to bring your circuit window to full screen.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Insert an element\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 LoKon has many enclosed elements that are saved in several files.\par
Now we insert such an element into the circuit.\par
Choose the \{bmc HOWELEBU.SHG\} element button from the speed bar.\par
\{bmc HOWELEMN.SHG\}\par
You also can select the menu command \i Element->Elements...\i0  or press the keys \i Alt+Space\i0 .\par
Then the following dialog box appears:\par
\{bmc HOWELECE.SHG\}\par
To include an element file press the \{bmc HOWELNEW.SHG\} button.\par
\{bmc NEWELEFI.SHG\}\par
In this dialog box you have to choose the alias name of the element file (here: Elements), that you want to include into your circuit. Confirm with \b OK\b0 .\par
You can also select an alias name width a double click.\par
Include the file Elements into you circuit. You can then use the elements in the list Elements in you circuit.\par
\{bmc ELECHOOS.SHG\}\par
Select \i Elements\i0  in the file list. The elements of the the file Elements then appear in the elements list.\par
You can select an element (here the AND gate) in two different ways:\par
{\li360}1. Select the element with the mouse button, then press the \{bmc OKBUTTON.SHG\} button.\par
2. Double click the element with the mouse button.\par
\par\pard\tx360Now you have to find a position for your element. Then fix it there with the left mouse button.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Move an element\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 You have just moved an element.\par
To move an element in the circuit select it with the left mouse button. The mouse cursor then looks like \{bmc MOVECUR.BMP \} .\par
Move the element to the desired position (by pressing the left mouse button). Then let the button go. If you press the right mouse button while moving the element (while pressing the left mouse button), the element turns by 90 degrees clockwise.\par
\cf12 Warning:\cf0  If the mouse pointer looks like \{bmc MOVECUR2.BMP \} , another element is touched. If you let the left mouse button go, the element is moved back to the old position. If you wanted to insert a new element and it touches another element it is not inserted in the circuit.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Insert a copy of an element\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc HOWAND.SHG\}\par
By selecting the this menu command (or by pressing the keys \i Ctrl+Space\i0 ) you can insert a copy of the last moved element.\par
In the same way you can insert a copy of an existing element into the circuit.\par
For that select it with the left mouse button (don't move the mouse, otherwise you move the element). The upper menu command then changes. It always has the name of the last selected element.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Connect elements\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc HOWCON.SHG\}\par
In the example circuit, an input (red) and an output (green) were circled.\par
You can connect them by selecting one of them\{bmc CONNCUR.BMP \} , pressing the left move button and pulling the connection to the other input/output.\par
A connection is only made if the mouse pointer is over an input/ouput that is still free (the mouse\par
pointer again must look like \{bmc CONNCUR.BMP \} ). A connection is connected with the input/output of the element.\par
It is not fixed at a certain position.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Set a connection point\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 If you lay the end of a connection onto another connection \{bmc CONNCUR4.BMP \} , a connection point is created automatically.\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb Circuit}{\v Topic6}\par
{\uldb Menu commands of the circuit window}{\v Topic16}\par
{\uldb Mouse pointers in the circuit}{\v Topic18}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin203}
An \b input\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin204}
An \b output\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin205}
Change state.\par
During the simulation, a change only becomes effective if an input is changing.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic45}
${\footnote Autor}
K{\footnote Autor}
+{\footnote lokon:950}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc The Author\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
\{bmc HEIKO.BMP\}\par
\par
\sa200\tx1400\b Name\b0 :\tab Heiko Roth\par
\par
\b born\b0 :\tab 28.12.1972\par
\par
\b education\b0 :\tab Abitur im April 1992 am Nicolaus-Kistner Gymnasium in Mosbach\par
\tab\tab Studium an der TU Karlruhe seit Oktober 1992\par
\tab\tab Studiengang: Informatik (Diplom)\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic46}
${\footnote How to create an element file ?_____}
K{\footnote How to do ?___;Elementdatei}
+{\footnote howtodo:030}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic43}\qc How to create an element file ?\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b A new element file window\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 First you need a work window for your element file.\par
\{bmc HOWNEWEL.SHG\}\par
For that you have to select the menu command  New in the menu File.\par
Then select the menu command Elements.\par
\{bmc HOWELE.SHG\}\par
A new element file window appears. It is called Elements.\par
The dummy entry ___elements___ does always exist and cannot be deleted. It contains no information.\par
It is used to insert a new element at the beginning.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Create a new element\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 There a two different element types. They differ is in the realisation of the output and transition function.\par
\par
\{bmc heletab.shg\}\par
To create an element of the type table, select the speed bar button. You can also select the upper\par
menu command.\par
\par
 \{bmc helebool.shg\}\par
To create an element of the type bool, select the button or the upper menu command.\par
\par
\{bmc TEXTINPU.SHG\}\par
A text dialog box appears to give your new element a name.\par
The new element appears in the element list right after the last selected element.\par
The index of the new element is the largest index of the element file plus one.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b In-/Output\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 Select the desired element by clicking it in the element list. Now there are three ways:\par
\par
\li360\'95 Select the menu command Input/Output in the menu Element.\par
\'95 Press this {\uldb \{bmc inout.bmp\}}{\v Topic28} button.\par
\'95 Press the keys Ctrl+A.\par
\li0The dialog box, that appears depends on the element type of the selected element.\par
Further descriptions are in the section Input/Output.\par
\par
For every element, you have to create a graphic and fix its region.\par
Then you have to set the positions of the inputs and outputs and the initial state.\par
You can read how to do it in the section Menu commands of the element file in the respective sections.\par
You can also read there how to delete and rename elements.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Use an element file in a circuit\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 An element file cannot be included into a circuit directly.\par
You first have to create a new alias and assign it to your file. Then include your file with this alias into the circuit.\par
Further descriptions are in the chapter Use in Element files.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b The index and compatible element files\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 The index of an element has to be unequivocal in the element file.\par
If two element files shall be compatible, e.g. they can be included with the same alias name in the\par
dialog box element files, corresponding elements must have the same index. The names don't have to\par
be the same. The graphic, region and the position of the inputs/outputs also don't have to be the\par
same. The element type also doesn't matter.\par
Only the index and the number of inputs/outputs has to be the same.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic47}
${\footnote Grundlagen des Circuit__sentwurfs}
K{\footnote Grundlagen}
+{\footnote lokon:005}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Grundlagen des Circuit__sentwurfs\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 Mit dem Programm \b LoKon\b0  k\'F6nnen Sie digitale Circuit__en entwerfen und deren Funktion simulieren.\par
In diesem Hilfethema erfahren Sie etwas Grundlagenwissen.\par
\par
Themen:\par
\li360{\uldb Boolesche Algebra}{\v Topic48}\par
{\uldb Schaltnetze}{\v Topic49}\par
{\uldb Schaltwerke}{\v Topic50}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic48}
${\footnote Boolesche Algebra}
K{\footnote Grundlagen;Boolesche Algebra;kommutativ;distributiv;neutrales Element;inverses Element;Negation;Konjunktion;Disjunktion;kommutativ;distributiv}
+{\footnote knowhow:005}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic47}\qc Boolesche Algebra\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 Die Boolesche Algebra wurde von dem Mathematiker Boole (1815-1864) als Algebra der Logik eingef\'FChrt und sp\'E4ter nach ihm benannt.\par
\par
\b Definition:\b0  Die Boolesche Algebra ist definiert \'FCber  M = \{ 0, 1 \}  mit den Operatoren \'AC(Negation), \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24 (Konjunktion) und \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24 (Dijunktion)\par
\tx400\tx1040{\li360}1.{\tab}Kommutativgesetz{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b   =   b \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  a\par
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  b   =   b \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  a\par
2.{\tab}Distributivgesetz{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  ( b \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  c )   =   ( a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b ) \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  ( a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  c )\par
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  ( b \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  c )   =   ( a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  b ) \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  ( a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  c )\par
3.{\tab}Neutrale Elemente{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  1   =   a\par
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  0   =   a\par
4.{\tab}Inverse Elemente{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  \'ACa   =   0\par
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  \'ACa   =   1\par
\li0\par
\b Gesetze:\b0 \par
{\li360}1.{\tab}Assoziativ{\tab}{\tab}( a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b ) \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  c   =   a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  ( b \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  c )\par
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}( a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  b ) \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  c   =   a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  ( b \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  c )\par
2.{\tab}Indempotenz{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  a   =   a\par
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  a   =   a\par
3.{\tab}Absorption{\tab}{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  ( a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  b )   =   a\par
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  ( a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b )   =   a\par
4.{\tab}DeMorgan{\tab}{\tab}\'AC( a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b )   =   \'ACa \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  \'ACb\par
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}\'AC( a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  b )   =   \'ACa \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  \'ACb\par
\li0Die Gesetze k\'F6nnen aus den Axiomen der Definition hergeleitet werden.\par
Mit Hilfe der Axiome und Gesetze kann man Boolesche Ausdr\'FCcke vereinfachen.\par
\par
\b Boolescher Ausdruck:\b0 \par
{\li360}1.{\tab}0, 1 und alle Variablen{\tab}{\tab}sind Boolesche Ausdr\'FCcke\par
2.{\tab}\'AC<Boolescher Ausdruck>{\tab}{\tab}ist ein Boolscher Ausdruck\par
3.{\tab}( <Boolescher Ausdruck> \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  <Boolscher Ausdruck> ){\tab}ist ein Boolscher Ausdruck\par
{\tab}{\tab}( <Boolescher Ausdruck> \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  <Boolscher Ausdruck> ){\tab}ist ein Boolscher Ausdruck\par
\li0Die obigen drei Punkte definieren, wie ein Boolescher Ausdruck korrekt aufgebaut werden mu\'DF.\par
Folgende Konventionen dienen der Vereinfachung:\par
\li360\fi0\'95{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b   =   ab\par
\'95{\tab}Konjunktion vor Disjunktion:{\tab}ab \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  c   =   ( a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b ) \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  c\par
\par
\b Boolesche Funktionen:\b0 \pard\par
{\tab}b{\tab}a{\tab}\'ACa{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  b{\tab}\'AC(a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b){\tab}\'AC(a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  b)\par
{\tab}0{\tab}0{\tab}1{\tab}0{\tab}0{\tab}1{\tab}1\par
{\tab}0{\tab}1{\tab}0{\tab}0{\tab}1{\tab}1{\tab}0\par
{\tab}1{\tab}0{\tab}1{\tab}0{\tab}1{\tab}1{\tab}0\par
{\tab}1{\tab}1{\tab}0{\tab}1{\tab}1{\tab}0{\tab}0\par
\par
Die Axiome und Gesetze der Booleschen Algebra lassen sich direkt auf die Circuit__salgebra \'FCbertragen. So wie die Boolesche Algebra hier eingef\'FChrt wurde, besteht zwischen der Booleschen Algebra und der Circuit__salgebra nur ein Notationsunterschied.\par
Auch die Bauelemente von \b LoKon\b0  gehorchen den Axiomen und Gesetzen der Booleschen Algebra bzw. der Circuit__salgebra.\par
Nachfolgend sind einige Axiome und Gesetze aufgelistet. Sie sind jeweils als Term der  Booleschen Algebra sowie als Circuit__ angegeben:\par
\par
\li360{\ul \{bmc bspnot01.bmp\}}{\v Defin206}\par
\i Negation\i0 {\tab}\'ACa\par
\par
{\ul \{bmc bspand01.bmp\}}{\v Defin206}\par
\i Konjunktion\i0 {\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b{\tab}\par
\par
{\ul \{bmc bspor01.bmp\}}{\v Defin206}\par
\i Disjunktion\i0 {\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  b\par
\par
{\tab}{\ul \{bmc bspand02.bmp\}}{\v Defin207}{\tab}{\ul \{bmc bspor02.bmp\}}{\v Defin207}\par
\i kommutativ\i0 {\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b   =   b \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  a{\tab}a \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  b   =   b \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  a\par
\par
\li0Alle weiteren Axiome und Gesetze lassen sich in \'E4hnlicher Weise als Circuit__ darstellen.\par
\par
Eine weitere interessante Eigenschaft der Booleschen Algebra ist, da\'DF sich alle Funktionen auf wenige Grundfunktionen zur\'FCckf\'FChren lassen. Diese Grundfunktionen nennt man \b vollst\'E4ndiges Operatorensystem\b0 .\par
Die Funktionen \'AC, \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  und \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  sind zum Beispiel ein vollst\'E4ndiges Operatorensystem:\par
\li360\'95 \'AC, \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  und \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  sind gegeben\par
\'95 a \f2\fs24 \'AE\f0\fs24  b  =  \'ACa \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  b\par
\'95 a \f2\fs24 \'AB\f0\fs24  b  =  (a \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  b) \f2\fs24 \'DA\f0\fs24  (\'ACa \f2\fs24 \'D9\f0\fs24  \'ACb)\par
\par
\li0Auch diesen Sachverhalt kann man mit Hilfe von mit \b LoKon\b0  erstellten Circuit__en nachbilden:\par
\li360\par
{\ul \{bmc bspxor01.bmp\}}{\v Defin208}\par
\i Implikation\i0 \par
\par
{\ul \{bmc bspequ01.bmp\}}{\v Defin208}   {\ul \{bmc bspequ02.bmp\}}{\v Defin208}\par
\i \'C4quivalenz\i0 \par
\par
\li0\cf12 Achtung:\cf0  Einen gro\'DFen Unterschied zwischen der Booleschen Algebra und den \b LoKon\b0 -Circuit__en gibt es doch:\par
Die Circuit__en haben ein Zeitverhalten, was bei Termen der Booleschen Algebra nicht der Fall ist.\par
Dort spielt die Zeit keine Rolle.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic49}
${\footnote Schaltnetze}
K{\footnote Grundlagen;Schaltnetze}
+{\footnote knowhow:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic47}\qc Schaltnetze\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 Ein Schaltnetz ist ein Verbund von Gattern.\par
Es hat Eing\'E4nge und Ausg\'E4nge.\par
Die Eing\'E4nge sind meist {\uldb Schalter}{\v Topic20}, die Ausg\'E4nge sind meist An/Aus - Bauelemente (zu finden in der Elementdatei \i 'Elements'\i0 ).\par
Es darf keine R\'FCckkopplung in dieser Circuit__ vorkommen, d.h.: Kein Ausgang eines Gatters darf Eingang eines Gatters sein, dessen Ausgang wieder direkt oder indirekt Eingang des ersten Gatters ist.\par
Der Signalflu\'DF l\'E4uft direkt von den Eing\'E4ngen zu den Ausg\'E4ngen.\par
Die Ausgangsbelegung h\'E4ngt bei einem Schaltnetz nur von seinen Eing\'E4ngen ab.\par
Beispiel:\par
\li360\par
{\ul \{bmc bsphadd.bmp\}}{\v Defin209}\par
\i Halbaddierer\i0 \par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic50}
${\footnote Schaltwerke}
K{\footnote Grundlagen;Schaltwerke}
+{\footnote knowhow:015}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic47}\qc Schaltwerke\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 Ein Schaltwerk ist ein Verbund von Gattern.\par
Es hat Eing\'E4nge und Ausg\'E4nge.\par
Die Eing\'E4nge sind meist {\uldb Schalter}{\v Topic20}, die Ausg\'E4nge sind meist An/Aus - Bauelemente (zu finden in der Elementdatei \i 'Elements'\i0 ).\par
Im Gegensatz zum Schaltnetz sind bei einem Schaltwerk R\'FCckkopplungen erlaubt, d.h.: ein Ausgang eines Gatters darf Eingang eines Gatters sein, dessen Ausgang wieder direkt oder indirekt Eingang des ersten Gatters ist.\par
Der Signalflu\'DF l\'E4uft nicht mehr direkt von den Eing\'E4ngen zu den Ausg\'E4ngen.\par
Die Ausgangsbelegung h\'E4ngt bei einem Schaltwerk nicht nur von den Eing\'E4ngen sondern auch von seinem inneren Zustand ab.\par
Alle Flipflop- und Register-Bauelemente sind Schaltwerke.\par
Beispiel:\par
\li360\par
{\ul \{bmc bsprsff.bmp\}}{\v Defin210}\par
\i RS-Flipflop\i0 \par
\par
\li0Auch die Schaltnetze k\'F6nnen als Schaltwerke betrachtet werden. Die Anzahl ihrer inneren Zust\'E4nde ist Null.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin206}
Dieses Bild ist ein Ausschnitt aus der Circuit__ '\f3\fs24 BSP01.LAY\f0\fs24 '.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin207}
Dieses Bild ist ein Ausschnitt aus der Circuit__ '\f3\fs24 BSP02.LAY\f0\fs24 '.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin208}
Dieses Bild ist ein Ausschnitt aus der Circuit__ '\f3\fs24 BSP03.LAY\f0\fs24 '.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin209}
Dieses Bild ist ein Ausschnitt aus der Circuit__ '\f3\fs24 HALBADD.LAY\f0\fs24 '.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin210}
Dieses Bild ist ein Ausschnitt aus der Circuit__ '\f3\fs24 RSFF.LAY\f0\fs24 '.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic51}
${\footnote mainmenu}
K{\footnote use}
+{\footnote use:004}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml\par
LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Main Menues\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc FILESB.SHG\}\par
\{bmc FILEMEN.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc EDITBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc EDITMENU.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc OPTIONS.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc WINDOWMN.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc HELPMENU.SHG\}\par
\par
{\ul \{bmc TIMERAST.BMP\}}{\v Defin80}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic52}
${\footnote kontextMenu}
K{\footnote Menues;contextsensitive;Use}
+{\footnote use:003}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml\par
LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Contextsensitive Menues\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 If you press the right mouse button, a menue appears, that corresponds to element under the mouse cursor. This menue is a short-cut. You spare the long way to the menue bar.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic53}
${\footnote Address}
K{\footnote Address;Firm}
+{\footnote lokon:935}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Address\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \qc \{bmc logo.bmp\}\par
Heiko Roth Software-Entwicklung\par
Schillerstra\'DFe 14\par
74834 Elztal\par
Germany\par
email: Heiko.Roth@t-online.de\par
WWW: http://ourworld.compuserve.com/homepages/H_Roth\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic54}
${\footnote Oscilloscop}
K{\footnote Oscilloscope;Circuit}
+{\footnote lokon:032}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml OSC.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Oscilloscope\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b Oszilloscope Window\b0 \par
\{bmc osciwin.SHG\}\par
\ql \f0\fs24 Each circuit has an oscilloscope. The oscilloscope window is opened and closed with the circuit window automatically. The oscilloscope is saved with the circuit.\par
\par
Read auch:\par
\li360{\uldb How to use the oscilloscope ?}{\v Topic55}\par
{\uldb Menues of the oscilloscope window}{\v Topic56}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic55}
${\footnote Wie benutze ich das Oscilloscop ?}
K{\footnote How to do ?;Oscilloscope}
+{\footnote howtodo:022}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml OSC.BMP\}}{\v Topic43}\qc How to use the oscilloscope ?\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b Record a connection\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 If you click the right mouse button, the following contextsensitive menue appears.\par
\{bmc HOWOSREC.SHG\}\par
Select the menue item Record. The Record gets the name Oscilloscope with a number. The name\par
appears in the circuit and in the oscilloscope window. Perhaps you have to repaint the circuit\par
window to see it. For this press Alt+F12 or click the corresponding menue item in the view menue.\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb Oscilloscope}{\v Topic54}\par
{\uldb Menues of the oscilloscope window}{\v Topic56}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic56}
${\footnote Menüs des Oscilloscopfensters}
K{\footnote Oscilloscope;Circuit}
+{\footnote osc:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml OSC.BMP\}}{\v Topic54}\qc Menues of the oscilloscope window\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \par
\{bmc OSCBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc OSCMENU.SHG\}\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin211}
\fi-360\li720\'95 contextsensitive menues by clicking on the right mouse button\par
\'95 oscilloscope (recording of wire states)\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin212}
The first line shows the name of the Record.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin213}
\b Rename\b0  a record.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin214}
\b Delete\b0  a record.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin215}
You can adjust the text \b height\b0 , the signal height and the signal width in the Height dialog. The settings take effect for all records.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin216}
The \b Optimal\b0  signal \b height\b0 .\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin217}
\b Reset\b0  the actual record.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin218}
\b Reset all\b0  records.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin219}
\fi-360\li720\'95 Now you can register via Compuserve, too.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin220}
\fi-360\li720\'95 bilingual version (English,German)\par
\'95 new icons and speedbar buttons with 3d effect\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin221}
\fi-360\li720\'95 PLA element.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin222}
\fi-360\li720\'95 Cascading. You can make a new element out of a circuit. Now you can build circuits like small processors.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin223}
\fi-360\li720\'95 Error by deleting a selection that has got a connection that is recorded is removed.\par
\'95 The title of an oscilloscope corresponds to the name of the corresponding circuit.\par \qc {\fs30\cf12 This help file was produced using the shareware version of helpMATIC V1.0}
\pard
\page
}
