{\rtf1\ansi{\fonttbl
\f0\froman Times New Roman;
\f1\fswiss Arial;
\f2\fnil System;
\f3\fnil Helv;
\f4\fnil Symbol;
\f5\fmodern Courier New;}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green128\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255}
\deff0 \fs24\tx360
#{\footnote Topic6}
${\footnote Circuit__}
K{\footnote Circuit;Layout}
+{\footnote lokon:030}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Circuit\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b The circuit window\b0 \par
\{bmc CIRCUIT.SHG\}\par
\ql \f0\fs24 You create a new circuit with the menu command {\uldb File->New->Circuit}{\v Topic6}. You load a new circuit with {\uldb File->Open}{\v Topic9}. You have to select the file format Circuit (*.LAY) in the fileselect dialog box.\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb How to build a circuit ?}{\v Topic44}\par
{\uldb Menu commands of the circuit window}{\v Topic16}\par
{\uldb Mouse pointers in the circuit}{\v Topic18}\par
{\uldb Dialog boxes for elements}{\v Topic17}\par
{\uldb Edit (in the circuit)}{\v Topic25}\par
{\uldb Oscilloscope}{\v Topic54}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic54}
${\footnote Oscilloscop}
K{\footnote Oscilloscope;Circuit}
+{\footnote lokon:032}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml OSC.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Oscilloscope\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b Oszilloscope Window\b0 \par
\{bmc osciwin.SHG\}\par
\ql \f0\fs24 Each circuit has an oscilloscope. The oscilloscope window is opened and closed with the circuit window automatically. The oscilloscope is saved with the circuit.\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb How to use the oscilloscope ?}{\v Topic55}\par
{\uldb Menues of the oscilloscope window}{\v Topic56}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic55}
${\footnote Wie benutze ich das Oscilloscop ?}
K{\footnote How to do ?;Oscilloscope}
+{\footnote howtodo:022}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml OSC.BMP\}}{\v Topic43}\qc How to use the oscilloscope ?\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b Record a connection\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 If you click the right mouse button, the following contextsensitive menue appears.\par
\{bmc HOWOSREC.SHG\}\par
Select the menue item Record. The Record gets the name Oscilloscope with a number. The name\par
appears in the circuit and in the oscilloscope window. Perhaps you have to repaint the circuit\par
window to see it. For this press Alt+F12 or click the corresponding menue item in the view menue.\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb Oscilloscope}{\v Topic54}\par
{\uldb Menues of the oscilloscope window}{\v Topic56}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic56}
${\footnote Menüs des Oscilloscopfensters}
K{\footnote Oscilloscope;Circuit}
+{\footnote osc:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml OSC.BMP\}}{\v Topic54}\qc Menues of the oscilloscope window\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \par
\{bmc OSCBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc OSCMENU.SHG\}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin212}
The first line shows the name of the Record.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin213}
\b Rename\b0  a record.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin214}
\b Delete\b0  a record.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin215}
You can adjust the text \b height\b0 , the signal height and the signal width in the Height dialog. The settings take effect for all records.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin216}
The \b Optimal\b0  signal \b height\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin217}
\b Reset\b0  the actual record.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin218}
\b Reset all\b0  records.\par \qc
\pard
\page
}
