{\rtf1\ansi{\fonttbl
\f0\froman Times New Roman;
\f1\fswiss Arial;
\f2\fnil System;
\f3\fnil Helv;
\f4\fnil Symbol;
\f5\fmodern Courier New;}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green128\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
2\red128\green128\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255}
\deff0 \fs24\tx360
#{\footnote Topic2}
${\footnote kontextHilfe}
K{\footnote Help;contextsensitive;Use}
+{\footnote use:002}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml\par
LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Contextsensitive Help\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 If you press the key F1, a help window appears, which shows the help information about the actual work window. The dialogues also have help informations. The help of a dialogue is called in the system menue of the dialogue.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic3}
${\footnote Requirements_______}
K{\footnote Requirements}
+{\footnote lokon:002}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Requirements\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 To run \b LoKon\b0  you need:\par
\li360\'95 an {\ul IBM}{\v Defin2}\'99 PC or compatible\par
\'95 {\ul MS-Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99 \cf12  3.1\cf0  or later or {\ul WinOS/2}{\v Defin2}\'99 \cf12 Version 2.11\cf0  or later.\par
\'951.5 MByte hard drive free disk space.\par
\par
\li0It is recommended to use a video card with 800x600 pixels and 16 colors.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic5}
${\footnote Use}
K{\footnote Use}
+{\footnote lokon:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Use\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 The use of \b LoKon\b0  is equal to the use of other {\ul Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99 programs.\line If y2ou aren't familiar with {\ul Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99, you should first learn how to use Windows\'99.\line For that, {\ul Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99 includes a learning program. You can read about it in your {\ul Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99 documentation.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b The main window\b0 \par
\{bmc MAINWIN.SHG\}\par
\ql \f0\fs24 The main window appears after you start \b LoKon\b0 . That's the window you work with.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b The main menus\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc FILESB.SHG\}\par
\{bmc FILEMEN.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc EDITBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc EDITMENU.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc OPTIONS.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc WINDOWMN.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc HELPMENU.SHG\}\par
\par
{\ul \{bmc TIMERAST.BMP\}}{\v Defin80}\par
\par
\li360{\uldb Standard Dialog}{\v Topic30}\par
{\uldb File Dialog}{\v Topic9}\par
{\uldb Element File}{\v Topic13}\par
{\uldb Time Grid}{\v Topic11}\par
{\uldb Font}{\v Topic12}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic7}
${\footnote Element Choice_}
K{\footnote Circuit;Layout;Element}
+{\footnote layout:012}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Element Choice\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \{bmc ELECHOOS.SHG\}Select an element out of a element file.\par
You can select an element (here the AND gate) in two different ways:\par
{\li360}1. Select the element with the mouse button, then press the OK button.\par
2. Double click the element with the mouse button.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin2}
\b IBM\b0 , \b VGA\b0  and \b OS/2\b0  are registered trademarks of  the International Business Machines Corp.\par
\b MS-DOS\b0  and \b MS-Windows\b0  are registered trademarks of the Microsoft Corp.\par
All additional used program names, font names ... are also registered trademarks and may not be\par
used in a commercial way.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin3}
Menu commands that refers to \b file\b0  opearations.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin5}
\b Yes\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin6}
\b Save\b0  work window with the current file name.\par
This menu command is only active when the work window has a name. That is the case if it was loaded from a file, or if it was saved before.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin7}
\b No\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin9}
\b Printer Setup\b0 : Choose printer options.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin10}
Informations \b about\b0  your LoKon version.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin11}
\b Exit\b0  LoKon.\par
For every work window that isn't saved, a dialog box appears.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin12}
\{bmc LAYOUT.BMP \} New {\uldb Circuit}{\v Topic6}.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin14}
The \b system menu\b0  contains commands for moving and closing the window.\line You can iconize or raise the window. You can read more about it in your {\ul Windows}{\v Defin2}\'99 documentation.\par
\par
The following menu items are added to the dialog system menu:\par
\{bmc SYSMENU.SHG\}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin16}
\b Iconize\b0  window.\par
Corresponds to the menu command Iconize in the system menu.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin17}
Raise window to \b full screen\b0  size.\par
Corresponds to the menu command Raise window in the system menu.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin18}
The \b menu bar\b0  contains the menus.\par
A menu is selected by mouse click or by pressing the keys \i Alt-<Key>\i0 , where \i <Key>\i0  stands for the underlined letter of the menu.\par
The look of the menu bar depends on the active work window.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin19}
The \b speed bar\b0  increases the access time of often used commands.\par
Just click the button on the speed bar.\par
The look of the speed bar depends on the active work window.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin21}
The \b status bar\b0  contains current informations.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin23}
Show \b Help\b0 .\par
This help file is shown.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin24}
The entry Filename contains the selected file resp. the file mask.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin25}
The files in the selected path are listed beneath the filename.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin26}
\b Vertical Scrollbar\b0 .\par
You can change values, scroll a list or a window with a scrollbar.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin27}
The path structure is beneath the drive.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin28}
The current drive.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin29}
Click it to open the combo box.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin30}
The chosen file format.\par
Possible formats:\par
\fi360- Circuit (*.LAY)\par
- Element file (*.ELE)\par
- Options (*.INI)\par
- Graphic (*.GRC)  (LoKon's own graphic format)\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin31}
Confirm the dialog.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin32}
Cancel the dialog.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic9}
${\footnote File-Dialog_}
K{\footnote File-Dialog_;Öffnen;Speichern unter}
+{\footnote use:010}
 \keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc File Dialog box\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
\{bmc FILEDLG.SHG\}\par
This dialog box appears if you want to load a file or save a file with a different name.\par
The options are also loaded and saved with this dialog box.\par
\par
\{bmc SAVEAS.SHG\}\par
If you choose an existing file in the Save As dialog box, a security dialog box appears.\par
If you press the Yes-Button the selected file is overwritten.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin33}
The message resp. information.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin34}
You can commit the basic options of LoKon with these menu commands.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic10}
${\footnote Element-Files__}
K{\footnote Element-Files__;Einstellungen}
+{\footnote use:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Element files\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
\{bmc ELEFILES.SHG\}\par
In this dialog box you can include the element files.\par
Every alias name stands for an element file.\par
An element file is included into a circuit by its alias name.\par
With alias names it is possible to display and simulate circuits with different element\par
files (the elements of the element files have different graphics or different timings).\par
These element files then must have compatible elements, i.e.  :\par
\fi360\'95 corresponding elements must have the same index\par
\'95 corresponding elements must have the same number of inputs and outputs\par
\'95 every element must have a corresponding element in the other element file *.ELE\par
\fi0I.e. the element files 'Elements', 'Register' and 'Display' exist both in the german DIN norm and in the american norm.\par
To change the display, the alias name just has to be linked to the corresponding element file.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic11}
${\footnote Time Grid_}
K{\footnote Time Grid_;Einstellungen}
+{\footnote use:030}
 \keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Time Grid\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
\{bmc TIMERAST.SHG\}\par
Here you can adjust the speed of the simulation in milliseconds.\par
The shortest time grid is one unit of time. Every gate or other element (except for the\par
wires and connection points) delay the pulse for at least one time grid.\par
The display flashes with the current simulation speed.\par
The real simulation speed can vary with the adjusted speed, if your PC is too slow for\par
the adjusted speed.\par
\par
With the check box active, you can activate and deactivate the automatic time grid.\par
Only if the automatic time grid is deactivated the menu command Time Grid in the\par
main menu is active and you have to continue a time grid by selecting this menu\par
command.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic12}
${\footnote Font___}
K{\footnote Font___;Einstellungen}
+{\footnote use:040}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Font\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \{bmc FONT.SHG\}\par
If you called the font dialog box in the options menu, the new font only effects new\par
circuits and graphics.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin37}
If this menu command is checked, extra \b message box\b0 es (e.g. at error inputs) are displayed. They give a better information about the cause of the error.\par
A message box always appears after a fatal error.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin38}
Load options.\par
See {\uldb file dialog}{\v Topic9}.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin39}
Save the options with the current filename.\par
If  this menu command is active, the filename is displayed in the menu command.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin40}
Save options as (with a new filename).\par
See {\uldb file dialog box}{\v Topic9}.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin41}
Change options for the \b grid\b0 .\par
\{bmc RASTERME.SHG\}\par
If you select this menu out of the options menu, changes will take effect only for new windows.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin42}
The grid is switched \b off\b0 .\par
The display speed will be higher.\par
If you select this menu out of the options menu, changes will take effect only for new windows.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin43}
A big grid is displayed.\par
If you select this menu out of the options menu, changes will take effect only for new windows.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin44}
A small grid is displayed.\par
If you select this menu out of the options menu, changes will take effect only for new windows.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin45}
The \b grid\b0  is displayed \b in\b0  the \b front\b0  (in front of the circuit).\par
The redraw speed of a circuit increases.\par
If you select this menu command, the grid is displayed behind.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin46}
If this menu command is checked, the outputs are displayed with a green arrow and the inputs with a red arrow.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin47}
Here you can change the display of the wires from black/red to thick/thin.\par
If this menu command is checked, the option thick/thin is active.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin48}
\b Horizontal Scrollbar\b0 .\par
You can change values, scroll a list or a window with a scrollbar.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin49}
Include a new element file.\par
First you have to select an existing element file '*.ELE'  (see {\uldb file dialog box}{\v Topic9}).\par
Then give the file an alias name.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin50}
Change the alias name.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin51}
Link alias to another element file.\par
See {\uldb file dialog box}{\v Topic9}.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin52}
Delete alias name and element file.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin53}
List of aliases.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin54}
List of the corresponding element files.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin55}
Automatique Time impulse on/off.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin56}
Visualisation of the speed of the Time Grid.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin57}
Time grid in milliseconds.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin58}
Input time grid.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin59}
Adjust the font.\par
You can only select standard True-Type\'99 fonts from Windows\'99.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin60}
Adjust the style.\par
You can select several styles at one time.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin61}
Direction of the font in degrees.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin62}
The Height of the font.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin63}
The Width of the font.\par
If the width is zero, the font width will conform to the given height.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin65}
You can change the arrangement of the work windows with these menu commands.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin66}
Tile windows.\par
\{bmc TILE.BMP \} \par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin67}
Cascade windows.\par
\{bmc CASCADE.BMP \} \par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin68}
Close all windows.\par
If a window isn't saved, a dialog box appears.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin69}
Arrange icons.\par
It is only done, if all windows are iconized.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin70}
With the help menu you can get help about LoKon.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin71}
Show the contents of the help.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin73}
Shows how to use help.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin75}
\b Cut\b0  selected pieces from the work window.\par
The selected pieces are copied to the clipboard and are deleted in the work window.\par
This menu command is only available, if an area/elements is selected in the current work window.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin76}
\b Copy\b0  the selected pieces from the work window to the clipboard.\par
This menu command is only available, if an area/elements is selected in the current work window.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin78}
\b Clear\b0  the selected pieces of the work window.\par
This menu command is only available, if an area/elements is selected in the current work window.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin79}
\b Select all\b0 .\par
Is inactive in the element file.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin80}
Continue a time grid by hand.\par
This menu command is only available, if the automatic time grid is disabled in the dialog box {\uldb Options->Time grid}{\v Topic11}.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin81}
A \b gate\b0  resp. an \b element\b0  from an {\uldb element-file}{\v Topic10}.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin82}
A \b switch\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin83}
A \b connection point\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin84}
A \b connection\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin85}
\b Text\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin86}
\b Simulation-Menue\b0 .\par
You can control the simulation with these menu commands.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin87}
\b Start\b0  the simulation.\par
The signal flow is simulated.\par
The time grid is given automatically or by hand ( depends on the adjustment in the dialog box {\uldb Options->Time Grid...}{\v Topic11}) .\par
You can give the time grid by hand with the menu command {\ul Time Grid!}{\v Defin80}.\par
While the simulation is running, you can only edit the circuit restricted.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin88}
\b Stop\b0  the simulation.\par
Now you can edit the circuit again.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin89}
\b Reset\b0  the simulation.\par
All signal flows are deleted. The connections and elements are reseted.\par
Switches keep their value. The memory of the RAM/ROMs is not changed.\par
\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin90}
\b Element-Menue\b0 .\par
Here you find all the elements for your circuit.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin91}
Insert a copy of the last selected element (\b xxx\b0 ) into the circuit.\par
This menu command is named like the last selected element.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin92}
Insert a connection point into the circuit.\par
\cf12 Warning\cf0 : The best way to insert a connection point into the circuit is to lay one end of a new connection onto an already existing connection.\par
Read also: {\uldb See How to build a circuit ?}{\v Topic44}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin93}
Insert a \b zero\b0  into the circuit.\par
The output of this element is always 0.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin94}
Insert a \b one\b0  into the circuit.\par
The output of this element is always 1.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin95}
Insert a  \b switch\b0  into the circuit.\par
A switch can be switched during simulation by clicking it with the left mouse button.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin96}
Insert a \b clock\b0  into the circuit.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin97}
Insert \b Text\b0  into the circuit with the current font.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin98}
A list of the linked {\uldb Element-Files}{\v Topic10}.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin99}
A list of the \b elements\b0  of the selected element-file.\par
Chapters are aligned left and the elements have an indent.\par
You can select an element by double clicking it.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin100}
\{bmc NEWELEFI.SHG\}\par
Insert a \b new element-file\b0  into the circuit.\par
You can select an element-file by double-clicking.\par
\cf12 Warning:\cf0  Element-files can't be deleted out of a circuit.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin101}
The \b access time\b0  for the ROM/RAM in \i time grid\i0  units.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin108}
Magnify.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin114}
Redraw.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin115}
Set {\ul Grid Size}{\v Defin36} to 10.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin116}
Set {\ul Grid Size}{\v Defin36} to 5.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin117}
Set {\ul Grid Size}{\v Defin36} to 1.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin118}
If this menu command is checked, a collision check is made when you move pieces of a circuit.\par
If the collision check is on, no element or block can be moved onto another element or wire.\par
\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic16}
${\footnote Menus of the circuit window}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout}
+{\footnote layout:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Menues of the circuit\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc SIMBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc SIMMENU.SHG\}\par
\cf12 Warning:\cf0 \par
\li360\'95 During the simuation you can't edit a circuit. This is only possible after you {\ul stop}{\v Defin88}ped the simulation.\par
\'95 As soon as a circuit is edited, the simuation is reseted automatically.\par
\par
\li0\{bmc ELEBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc ELEMENU.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc LAYVIEWB.SHG\}\{bmc VIEWBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc LAYVIEW.SHG\}\par
\par
\{bmc POSBAR.SHG\}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic18}
${\footnote Mouse pointer of t. circuit}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout}
+{\footnote layout:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Mouse pointer of the circuit\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 The following functions are usually executed by pressing the left mouse button. The bold text behind the mouse pointer corresponds to the text of the status bar, when the mouse pointer has taken the corresponding form.\par
\par
\li360\{bmc MOVECUR.BMP \} \b Move element.\b0 \par
Move the element the mouse points to. During the movement (while pressing the left mouse button) you can turn the element with the right mouse button 90\'B0 clockwise.\par
\li720\{bmc MOVECUR2.BMP \} \b An existing element is touched !\b0 \par
The mouse pointer takes the upper form if an element in the circuit is touched and the collision is turned on (see {\uldb Options->Collision}{\v Topic5}).\par
\par
\li360With the right mouse button you can delete the element.\par
By double clicking, a {\uldb dialog box for the element}{\v Topic17} appears.\par
\par
\{bmc CONNCUR.BMP \} \b Set connection.\b0 \par
The mouse pointer is on an input/output. While the left mouse button is pressed, you drag the connection to another input/output.\par
\li720\{bmc CONNCUR2.BMP \} \b Connection is not possible.\b0 \par
\{bmc CONNCUR3.BMP \} \b The input/output is occupied.\b0 \par
\{bmc CONNCUR4.BMP \} \b Set a connection point.\b0 \par
The mouse pointer is on a connection. If you release the left mouse button, the existing connection is undone and a connection point is set at the positon of the mouse pointer, that connects the old and the new connection.\par
\par
\li360\{bmc CONNCUR5.BMP \} \b Set new connection.\b0 \par
The connection is undone at the current input/output and has to be set again.\par
The connection is deleted, if it isn't draged onto a input/output.\par
\par
\{bmc CPTCUR1.BMP \} \b Set point on connection.\b0 \par
The mouse pointer is on a connnection. First of all a connection courses directly from an input to an output. This is normally not desired, because you want a rightangled  course.\par
By pressing the left mouse button you set a point on a connection. This point can be moved to any position in the circuit.\par
\par
\{bmc CPTCUR2.BMP \} \b Move point of the connection.\b0 \par
You can drag the point on the connection to another position.\par
Press the left mouse button, drag the point to the new position and release the left mouse button.\par
\par
\{bmc SWITCCUR.BMP \} \b Switch.\b0 \par
The simuation is running and the mouse pointer is on a switch. By pressing the left mouse\par
button the state of the switch changes. If the state was zero it becomes one, if it was one it\par
becomes zero.\par
\par
\li0Read also: {\uldb Edit}{\v Topic25}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic19}
${\footnote Element - Dialog}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Element}
+{\footnote laydlg:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Element - Dialog\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc ELEDLG.SHG\} \{bmc ELE1DLG.SHG\} \{bmc ELE2DLG.SHG\}\par
Depending on the number of states for an element, one of the three following dialog boxes appears,\par
if you double click an element in a circuit and the element comes from a element file.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin119}
The first line of the dialog box contains the \b name\b0  of the element.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin120}
\b X-Position\b0  of the element.\par
The position can be changed by hand or with the scroll bars.\par
The collision is not checked, even if the collision menu command is switched on.\par
You can use the clipboard to copy/paste positions.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin121}
\b Y-Position\b0  of the element.\par
The position can be changed by hand or with the scroll bars.\par
The collision is not checked, even if the collision menu command is switched on.\par
You can use the clipboard to copy/paste positions.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin122}
The \b direction\b0  is set with the radio buttons. Here the collision is also not checked.\par
You can change the direction of an element by clicking the {\uldb right mouse button}{\v Topic18} while moving an element.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin123}
The \b state\b0  of the switch.\par
The state of a Zero is always zero. The state of a One is always one. You can't change the\par
state of these elements. The state switch is grey.\par
\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic20}
${\footnote Switch dialog box}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Schalter}
+{\footnote laydlg:030}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Switch dialog box\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc SWITCDLG.SHG\}\par
The switch dialog box appears if you double click a switch, a One or a Zero.\par
The state of a Zero is always zero. The state of a One is always one. You can't change the\par
state of these elements. The state switch is grey.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic21}
${\footnote Connection point dialogue_}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Verbindungsknoten}
+{\footnote laydlg:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Connection point dialogue\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc CONPTDLG.SHG\}\par
The connection point dialog box appears if you double click a connection point.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin124}
The \b number\b0  of connections is displayed.\par
It can't be changed.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic22}
${\footnote Text - Dialog}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Text}
+{\footnote laydlg:050}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Text - Dialog\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc TEXTDLG.SHG\}\par
The text dialog box appears by double clicking a text element.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin125}
The \b Text\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic23}
${\footnote Bitmap - Dialog}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Bitmap}
+{\footnote laydlg:060}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Bitmap - Dialog\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc BMPDLG.SHG\}\par
The bitmap dialog box appears by double clicking a bitmap element.\par
You can only insert a bitmap element into the circuit with the clipboard.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin126}
The \b width\b0  of the bitmap.\par
The width can be changed by hand or with the scroll bars.\par
The collision is not checked, even if the collision menu command is switched on.\par
You can use the clipboard to copy/paste the width.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin127}
The \b height\b0  of the bitmap.\par
The height can be changed by hand or with the scroll bars.\par
The collision is not checked, even if the collision menu command is switched on.\par
You can use the clipboard to copy/paste the height.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin128}
The \b Bitmap\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin129}
The \b time period\b0  of a half clock period of the clock in time grid units.\par
The clock is one for time and then zero for time.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin130}
The current \b state\b0  of the clock.\par
It can be changed by clicking with the mouse button.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic24}
${\footnote Clock dialogue box}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Taktgeber}
+{\footnote laydlg:040}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic17}\qc Time Grid\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc TICKDLG.SHG\}\par
Here you can adjust the speed of the simulation in milliseconds.\par
The shortest time grid is one unit of time. Every gate or other element (except for the\par
wires and connection points) delay the pulse for at least one time grid.\par
The display flashes with the current simulation speed.\par
The real simulation speed can vary with the adjusted speed, if your PC is too slow for\par
the adjusted speed.\par
\par
With the check box active, you can activate and deactivate the automatic time grid.\par
Only if the automatic time grid is deactivated the menu command Time Grid in the\par
main menu is active and you have to continue a time grid by selecting this menu\par
command.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin131}
\b Text\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin132}
\b Number\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic25}
${\footnote Editing in the circuit_______}
K{\footnote Circuit__;Layout;Bearbeiten}
+{\footnote layout:040}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LAYOUT.BMP\}}{\v Topic6}\qc Editing in the circuit_______\par\pard\tx360\ql \f0\fs24 \li360\{bmc NORMCUR.BMP \} \b Ready.\b0 \par
If you press the left mouse button while no element is touched,\par
\li720\{bmc EDITCUR.BMP \} \b Selection: Size.\b0 \par
you can drag a frame in the circuit (by holding the left mouse button). After releasing the mouse button, all elements in the frame are marked. The previous mark is not deleted.\par
\li360The selection is fully deleted, if you double click with the left mouse button.\par
\par
\li360\{bmc MOVECUR.BMP \} \b Move selected elements.\b0 \par
The mouse pointer is over a selected element. All selected elements are moved at the same time. While moving (by holding the left mouse button), the whole block of selected elements can be turned for 90\'B0 clockwise by pressing the right mouse button.\par
\li720\{bmc MOVECUR2.BMP \} \b An existing element is touched !\b0 \par
The mouse pointer takes the upper form, if an element of the circuit is touched and the collision\par
check is turned on (see {\uldb Options->Collision}{\v Topic5}).\par
\li360All selected elements are deleted by pressing the right mouse button.\par
\par
\li0\{bmc EDITBAR.SHG\}\par
\{bmc EDITMENU.SHG\}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin133}
\fi-360\li720\'95 first shareware version\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic30}
${\footnote Standard-Dialogs}
K{\footnote Standard-Dialogs;Use}
+{\footnote use:005}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Standard Dialogs\par\pard\tx360\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Text Dialog box\b0 \par
\f0\fs24 \{bmc TEXTINPU.SHG\}\par
\ql This dialog box appears if text inputs are necessary.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Number Dialog box\b0 \par
\f0\fs24 \{bmc NRINPUT.SHG\}\par
\ql This dialog box appears if number inputs are necessary.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic42}
${\footnote How to start LoKon ?__}
K{\footnote Start}
+{\footnote howtodo:010}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic43}\qc How to start LoKon ?\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 You can start \b LoKon\b0  in four different ways:\par
{\tx720\li720\fi-360}1)\tab Double click the \{bmc LOKON.BMP \} LoKon icon in the program manager.\par
2)\tab Double click the file lokon.exe in the file manager.\par
3)\tab Drag a circuit file *.lay or an element file *.ele in the file manager and drop it\par
onto the file lokon.exe.\par
    LoKon runs and loads this file.\par
4)\tab Double click a file (*.lay or *.ele) associated with lokon.exe (*.lay oder *.ele)\par
in the file manager.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin202}
How to do ?\par
Short introduction and description of LoKon.\par
You should read this when you first work with LoKon.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic44}
${\footnote How to build a circuit ?_________}
K{\footnote How to do ?___;Circuit__;Layout}
+{\footnote howtodo:020}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic43}\qc How to build a circuit ?\par\pard\tx360\qc \f1\fs32 \b A new circuit window\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 First you need a work window for your circuit.\par
\{bmc HOWNEWLA.SHG\}\par
For that you have to select \i New\i0  in the \i File\i0  menu. Then you have to select \i circuit\i0 .\par
\{bmc HOWLAY.SHG\}\par
A new circuit window appears. It is called \i Circuit\i0 .\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Full screen\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 To work better with the window you can raise it. You can do this by draging the border to a larger size. But it's best to work in full screen mode.\par
To bring  LoKon to full screen mode, you have to select the \{bmc HOWFULL.SHG\} up arrow.\par
Do the same to bring your circuit window to full screen.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Insert an element\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 LoKon has many enclosed elements that are saved in several files.\par
Now we insert such an element into the circuit.\par
Choose the \{bmc HOWELEBU.SHG\} element button from the speed bar.\par
\{bmc HOWELEMN.SHG\}\par
You also can select the menu command \i Element->Elements...\i0  or press the keys \i Alt+Space\i0 .\par
Then the following dialog box appears:\par
\{bmc HOWELECE.SHG\}\par
To include an element file press the \{bmc HOWELNEW.SHG\} button.\par
\{bmc NEWELEFI.SHG\}\par
In this dialog box you have to choose the alias name of the element file (here: Elements), that you want to include into your circuit. Confirm with \b OK\b0 .\par
You can also select an alias name width a double click.\par
Include the file Elements into you circuit. You can then use the elements in the list Elements in you circuit.\par
\{bmc ELECHOOS.SHG\}\par
Select \i Elements\i0  in the file list. The elements of the the file Elements then appear in the elements list.\par
You can select an element (here the AND gate) in two different ways:\par
{\li360}1. Select the element with the mouse button, then press the \{bmc OKBUTTON.SHG\} button.\par
2. Double click the element with the mouse button.\par
\par\pard\tx360Now you have to find a position for your element. Then fix it there with the left mouse button.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Move an element\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 You have just moved an element.\par
To move an element in the circuit select it with the left mouse button. The mouse cursor then looks like \{bmc MOVECUR.BMP \} .\par
Move the element to the desired position (by pressing the left mouse button). Then let the button go. If you press the right mouse button while moving the element (while pressing the left mouse button), the element turns by 90 degrees clockwise.\par
\cf12 Warning:\cf0  If the mouse pointer looks like \{bmc MOVECUR2.BMP \} , another element is touched. If you let the left mouse button go, the element is moved back to the old position. If you wanted to insert a new element and it touches another element it is not inserted in the circuit.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Insert a copy of an element\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc HOWAND.SHG\}\par
By selecting the this menu command (or by pressing the keys \i Ctrl+Space\i0 ) you can insert a copy of the last moved element.\par
In the same way you can insert a copy of an existing element into the circuit.\par
For that select it with the left mouse button (don't move the mouse, otherwise you move the element). The upper menu command then changes. It always has the name of the last selected element.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Connect elements\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 \{bmc HOWCON.SHG\}\par
In the example circuit, an input (red) and an output (green) were circled.\par
You can connect them by selecting one of them\{bmc CONNCUR.BMP \} , pressing the left move button and pulling the connection to the other input/output.\par
A connection is only made if the mouse pointer is over an input/ouput that is still free (the mouse\par
pointer again must look like \{bmc CONNCUR.BMP \} ). A connection is connected with the input/output of the element.\par
It is not fixed at a certain position.\par
\par
\qc \f1\fs32 \b Set a connection point\b0 \par
\ql \f0\fs24 If you lay the end of a connection onto another connection \{bmc CONNCUR4.BMP \} , a connection point is created automatically.\par
\par
Read also:\par
\li360{\uldb Circuit}{\v Topic6}\par
{\uldb Menu commands of the circuit window}{\v Topic16}\par
{\uldb Mouse pointers in the circuit}{\v Topic18}\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin203}
An \b input\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin204}
An \b output\b0 .\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Defin205}
Change state.\par
During the simulation, a change only becomes effective if an input is changing.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic45}
${\footnote Autor}
K{\footnote Autor}
+{\footnote lokon:950}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc The Author\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \par
\{bmc HEIKO.BMP\}\par
\par
\sa200\tx1400\b Name\b0 :\tab Heiko Roth\par
\par
\b born\b0 :\tab 28.12.1972\par
\par
\b education\b0 :\tab Abitur im April 1992 am Nicolaus-Kistner Gymnasium in Mosbach\par
\tab\tab Studium an der TU Karlruhe seit Oktober 1992\par
\tab\tab Studiengang: Informatik (Diplom)\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic52}
${\footnote kontextMenu}
K{\footnote Menues;contextsensitive;Use}
+{\footnote use:003}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml\par
LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic5}\qc Contextsensitive Menues\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 If you press the right mouse button, a menue appears, that corresponds to element under the mouse cursor. This menue is a short-cut. You spare the long way to the menue bar.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote Topic53}
${\footnote Address}
K{\footnote Address;Firm}
+{\footnote lokon:935}
\keepn \cf0 \f1\fs48 {\uldb \{bml LOKON.BMP\}}{\v Topic1}\qc Address\par\pard\tx360\f0\fs24 \qc \{bmc logo.bmp\}\par
RothSoft\par
Technologiezentrum Warnem\'FCnde\par
Friedrich-Barnewitz-Srta\'DFe 3\par
18119 Rostock\par
Germany\par
phone: +49 381 5196 244\par
fax: +49 381 5196 266\par
roth\'40rothsoft.de\par
lokon\'40rothsoft.de\par
www.rothsoft.de\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote fileShort}
LoKon adds the names of the last opened/saved files to the end of the file menue.\par
If you need such a file again, you can open it quickly by clicking the menue item.\par
LoKon remembers up to eight files.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote editUndo}
The last work step is made undone.\par
The number of undo steps is unlimited.\par
Undo can be turned on and off in the options menue.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote editRedo}
Redo last undo.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote delMark}
Delete selection marker.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote optUndo}
Turn undo on/off.\par
Free undo memory.\par \qc
\pard
\page
#{\footnote optFileMenue}
Delete all saved file names of the file menue.\par \qc
\pard
\page
}